you to make a thumbnail here
apparently [__] is written in lisp which
is cool
um but
see [__] lisp oop
this oh
scheme it's written in scheme
uh
Kevin watches so much friendly geordius
guys
this guy's [__] awesome this video
this
this video who firebomb friendly jordy's
insane
insane uh can you do it in Python I'm
more
[__] [__] you
is this official
oh
okay
uh
we're still gonna have that be a Julia
thing but like uh
okay so now I want to do this
where's that picture
bro The Huffington Post guys come on
uh I think it has to be a PNG right
let's do this one
um
replace the first
um I should be able to just do this
uh
bruh
dude they're like oh so annoying
um
gotta make a new key
ah
nice
[Music]
oh wait we gotta close everything
I guess this is what I should do
but I don't think that that's a thing
um
this is kind of what I was hoping
okay let's see if we got a
foreign
dude what the [__]
I don't know why it doesn't update the
key
uh base that's oh wait
uh
I really need to fix that
oh hey managing the key
son of a [__]
inevitably I will leave it oh I didn't
realize okay fine
will this work
for some reason it doesn't work
um
I wonder why it doesn't update
foreign
it's really annoying and I do need to
fix it but
for now I'm just gonna not deal with it
right
oh
foreign
that should get Plus
are you done yet
I forgot how do I fix this stupid
[__] thing
foreign
thank you
I mean I could just use raw python
I actually just haven't do it in pure
python actually
foreign
just see if the uh let's just see if we
can just do it in Python
I don't see why I wouldn't be able to
sure thanks buddy
[Music]
gif
GIF okay
we're very excited about that story but
we just want to get one question we just
want to understand the professional
relationship with John parallaro and how
he helps with your career like does he
give you drops it's just like this kind
of sorry it's more it's a bit more than
one question it's kind of just a broad
overview just to help us understand you
know
I'm not interested in being part of your
video I pray oh but but come on you it's
it's a bit of a favor it has to be a
little bit reciprocal I'm sure you'd
understand like your relationship with
John Barrow Maybe
I'm sure that's a bit recipe yeah that
relationship can be very difficult too
that's funny as [__] man
oh my God
yeah this is ungodly
all right I'ma bite the bullet I'm gonna
fix this stupid thing
I hate I hate I hate this coding
nonsense
is it out yet
I don't think it's out on the API
if this doesn't work I have no idea what
will
be cool
okay
you really gotta work with this thing
it's kind of annoying
hopefully it's faster
if I pay for
I feel like if I pay for
Plus or my API query is going to get
faster
you're so close to speaking to Jordan
it's very exciting
come on James
do you wish to respond to the questions
that I've I've put here hi Jordan Jordan
Will dare you took it down
um we just wanna we all we want to know
is what your uh your um
professional relationship with Deputy
Premier John baralaro is like you know
just just you know how just describe it
a little
sorry
James it's breaking up can you hear me
Mr o'doherty can you hear me
oh absolutely Jordan is raring to go but
we just need you to respond and just
give us a little bit of an overview of
what your relationship with Deputy
Premier John Barrow is that all you can
do is that is that that's all we ask
like do how often do you speak to him
am I to take this silence as a bit of a
guilty conscience James I don't wanna I
don't want to put anything on you you
can deny you can deny anything I want to
give you the chance because we're not in
the business of hit pieces we're in the
business of fair and professional
journalism
so we're giving you the chance to answer
but I think our audience will uh
they'll they'll take what they can from
your silence what's your relationship
with John Barrow it's a very simple
question
I don't think you've put any accusations
assuming that I don't wish to answer
questions for your video at this at this
point in time
but you won't but you expect Jordan to
answer questions for your article
awkward questions to Jordan and ask if
you wanted to respond he said so I'm
asking for a response to those questions
if you don't wish to respond that's fine
oh we we wish to respond it's just
seeing how interesting how interested
you are in doing proper journalism what
you uh subject yourself to one not not
even a hard question just a pretty fair
question I I would say just about I
don't know like do you view the what do
you what are you what about what do you
view the role of Journalism to be
you think the definition of Journalism
is uh doing the deputy premieres bidding
I mean I'm not accusing you of that I
think you might not think that is it yes
or no
why why why aren't you interested
because I don't want to answer questions
to your video why though that's not
that's not an answer
unfortunately I have other things that I
need to do yeah I'll push you into
Jordan I'll put you on to Jordan I'll
just say one more thing why why do you
do you think it's fit to ask other
people questions other journalist
questions journalists like Jordan
um
because they literally fire bombed
themselves but it's just like Bully [__]
um
all right
I just want
g a PNG uh write some have you have you
thought about this at all have you
thought that you might just be being
used James
that's not good is it you don't want to
be used you want to do journalism that
really gets to power don't you isn't
that what journalism is for
I mean your silence seems to suggest
that to me but I'm not I don't want to
make any uh you know I don't wanna I
don't want to tell you what what's
happening but like it seems to me that
you you're a bit confused
look I'm sorry that I can't answer your
question because I've actually got other
things no no no you've spent a lot of
time being silent you surely have the
time that's not it that's not an excuse
James but I'll put you I'll put you I'll
put you on to Jordan just a request next
time you talk to John baralaro I'm
assuming it would be probably tonight
say hello from uh Jordan and Christo
uh but they were on the record James you
should have said that before I'm sorry
I asked if it was okay to be recorded
and uh you said yes
so you really probably should have
thought of that and I'm sure as a
journalist you would have uh had a lot
of time to think about if someone would
do that to you is Jordan
well well well if it isn't grown-ups
Stuart Little
the boy from anyway eh no that's all
right I don't actually think you're in
the house I think your journalism is
pretty bouncy though but uh what's up
dude he's such a hugees
I will ask away because I forgot what
they are because uh
[Music]
I hate that if you're not going to
respond
no I'm gonna respond just ask baby I'm
here the man the need give me a go I
want my ride to reply
here
what are the questions I don't know I
honestly can't remember you're a Nat
it's just like I I forgot you existed
until you just texted me like
I don't know maybe 45 minutes before
you're gonna get your deadline in which
is you know I've just got to say such
credible fear journalism
James Jamie
you there
okay so there's nothing going away yeah
I'll answer I'll answer I'll answer
Jamie you there ask the question David
Jamie I'll answer your questions you
there
why
why are you seriously not gonna give me
the right to reply here
oh that's just terrible that is a really
poor form mate I've got to say I've seen
some really dog act journalists in my
time but to not even let me answer the
question
prefer to not even get on the phone in
the first place I mean what kind of
gutless Wonder are you man up and ask me
the damn questions
are you even there James we can't see
the computer screen it's broken how bad
are you at your job I mean I seriously
this is amazing you can't even ask
questions your job is to ask questions
what are they I can't answer them either
it seems yeah no it's it's forgotten
what are they James what are your
questions
I'll send you a question via email
Empire
can't do it right now
we're recording this so we've got the
computer I'm looking at my own beautiful
face to stop myself from thinking about
yours
what are the questions and stop
trembling while you're even saying I'll
ask you a good how trembly could you get
You Weep
okay
let's post what do you think of James
o'dohee oh man I mean I was expecting
you I've gave him credit I thought that
he was thinking Stuart Little because it
looks like one it turns out he is just
the progeny of the mouse
the priority of the mouse
as soon as we turn on the light tries to
Scuttle off into the corner pathetic
Alex said that though you could call me
anytime James
couldn't have said it better myself
especially because he wrote at the end
of the article in a subsequent phone
conversation well it was a bunch of a
conversation James you just said I read
caring like
you to suit you up he's a sister and
criticize this reporter James why are
you trying to lie you knew we were
recording this conversation he did not
he gave you right of reply that's what
you're supposed to be giving me that is
the first lie in just one paragraph that
I bothered to dissect top reported Jamie
but second before Shanks claimed he did
not have access to the questions sent by
The Daily Telegraph second lie I said I
didn't have time to respond via text and
said you had to call me at which point
your weak little chinny chin chin
trembled and couldn't get a single
question out meaning you did not give me
Rite of reply we have you on camera not
giving me right of reply and I demand it
as is my legal right bro
you're gonna call me up again
the entire conversation again we're
gonna have it at a time that suits me
you're going to ask me the questions and
you're going to make the corrections in
this trashy filth if you do not you pet
Murdoch humbug I'll be filing complaints
to the Australian press Council and
you'll be dragged through the dirt
harder than you currently are so like
this video If you think James is the
worst journalist on Earth and subscribe
to this channel because the bride's
about to get a hell of a lot bump here
share and comment below comment
[Music]
thank you
koala killer that's so good
[Music]
oh what the [__]
please
foreign
Fortune lies a great crime I didn't know
he said that I just remember Chris Rock
is quoting it once the point is it's
very easy to look at plutocrats like
Gina Reinhardt rubid Murdoch Max mofo
who's clearly gotten away with public
mutilation
and come to that conclusion but as there
is behind it fairly impressive fortunes
dumb little Annoying crumbs perpetrated
by dumb little annoying people AKA The
Italian Stallion or Shetland rather
Giovanni Dominique barilaro now you
might be thinking oh no he's in a bath
naked I haven't made something that is a
competition happening right now don't
you worry
foreign
[Music]
now that we're comfortable
John barrelaro is a man whose expediency
seeps right down to his very genetics as
not only to his political convictions
turn on a dime
so does his ethnicity proud Italian
wedding figs he could score pity points
Rinky Dink Johnny from the Bush when he
thinks he can score a national seed
willing to change his entire identity
right down to his Dave surely
distressing his inner child who would
wonder
you're not talking with your accent no
more
[Music]
I thought she'll be referring to him
from now on as Giovanni and not just
because that's his name but also because
he's just such a Giovanni plus it pisses
him off and
I really like the thought of that man
being upset oh what the [__] another
video
no no wait I've got new material for you
you ready your response to the
berajiklian bushfires
on his actions during the bushfires but
like all these other actions in life
stupid as [__]
and very funny like the rest of us he
didn't know exactly what to do but knew
that the first step was to get
the people who had been attempting to
warn him about the fires for the last
decade but plus I'm a visual learner
they should have turned what was gonna
happen into a movie then I would have
paid attention he blamed the national
parks
one of the men most responsible on Earth
for the black summer bushfires blaming
the people least responsible for it
claiming that they were ideologically
opposed to Hazard reduction Burns
ideologically don't like the concept of
Hazard reduction but we give them the
responsibility no you ball of Greece the
reason they're not doing Hazard
reduction Burns is because you cut their
funding by 27 they've been begging
specifically fat lips here all the fun
so that they could do the hazard
reduction Burns but you cut the number
of ranges by a hundred and you cut the
number of people who make the plans for
hazard reduction burns from 36 under
labor to 10 under the Coalition bras
you're into cooking
today I'm going to do something
cause he eats veal yeah it's tasty what
you did to the National Parks and
Wildlife Services like not adding water
to minestrone and saying this means
ideologically opposed to being a soup I
mean it's obvious when you look at
Giovanni's decisions and comments that
he's a [__] but I at least thought he'd
be smart enough to come up with an
excuse that is a little better than plus
it's not the government's fault it's the
uh government's fault you're in charge
of the national parks you idiot
anyway look at this
[Music]
John
the rest of us remembers of the
bushfires as a time of great anguish as
he was forced to take time out of his
London holiday tomorrow why is it
formatting on my code so she don't worry
though you didn't bother coming home to
do it he still continued on with his
holiday to say you see these Slickers in
Mount Druid don't understand the
struggle of us hitting combusters
where are you big bench
claiming that he's battling for the bush
what part of sitting on your fat
worthless ass in Merry Old England while
the Bush was burning blaming the people
who were putting out those fires that
you practically lit screams battling for
the bush to you cause Brothers I make
the battles and then I fight them
understand looks like the Julio
accordions weren't wiped out after all
were they it's just they got so inbred
that the only musical instrument they
can play is that big hornic Amber
Raiders matches
if you're battling for the Bush John
then I'm protecting the Moon from having
an atmosphere
every night it looks down and face just
me I'd read him a bedtime story too if
he wasn't so far away anyway let's look
at Water there
Giovanni promised a royal commission
into water corruption then when it came
to crunch time voted against it there's
only one possible explanation for that
he switched heads with Jennifer Coolidge
and no one noticed
Shooters and Fishes Legend Helen Dalton
asked why so blatantly broke his promise
all he had to do was vote Yes Man of
discipline Giovanni responded with and
this is true this is the actual message
he sent Evan
ah disgusting human I told you he was a
dumb
it looks like a caveman wrote that tweet
Helen you
barrelaro
I'm sorry but we're gonna have to
appreciate that set of photos
[Music]
I'm not making this up he was the
spaghetti eating champion this is 25
years and yet he gets offended when I
point out he's Italian
Mario levels ladies and gentlemen of New
South Wales I present to you your Deputy
previa
and sucks it fish and chip shops do you
have calamari what's capitani oh hey
pork Barrel's all right he porks harder
than you
how to solve a problem like friendly
geordies
I don't know but you probably shouldn't
have wondered it loud on the front page
of a newspaper Lucy Coleman because now
your problem I wish I wasn't I do feel
sorry for this stay parliamentary
reporter was working to be for what two
weeks at the time of its publishing poor
Lucy let me draw a diagram of what
happened to you darl here's the bus
here's you surely your superiors knew I
wasn't just gonna cop a smear campaign
I'm not Bill shortened so really dwell
on this point you mean as much to your
peers as you be to me and I'm about to
drag you through the dirt like your Mad
Max at the beginning of Fury Road they
sacrificed you to preserve their
contacts within the Nationals the
Nationals it's like they bumped you so
they could score points without even
share Sonny you were bumped for sunny
and it gets even worse because as soon
as he pissed off share they then bumped
Sunny the reason I'm using that analogy
by the way is don't you think these
impersonators look exactly like Gladys
berajiklian and Bros they sacrificed you
to Identity that they then went on to
sacrifice
I don't think he's gonna get it I'd say
you'll like the animal that's killed for
the last meal of a prisoner on death row
but that animal's better off as their
suffering ends yours is gonna be Eternal
you're in that man whose face looks like
it's been stung by a hive of bees Fergus
Hunter will forever be hung up in the
friendly geordy's Hall of Juno's Scouts
along with such notable games Pigman Rob
The Blob and of course Stuart Little
forever enshrined as living Paragons of
chomsky's propaganda model mostly
because we know it triggers you to be
compared to Chomsky but also because
he's just such perfect specimens
institutionalized vessels of a Dying
institution whose product is
institutionalization you're essentially
human battery hands that don't even
understand they're in a cage and produce
nothing of value so in honor of the fact
that you hate acknowledging that you're
owned by Channel 9.
uh and you guys are with Fairfax nine is
that it
okay Lucy
your taxidermy in other words you're
stuffed
where do you say the mainstream media
fails Jesus
I know that you wanted a short sentence
to that that you probably wouldn't have
published anyway but I'm awfully sorry
the rest of this video is going to have
to be focused on answering just that
question and even then I'll barely be
scratching the surface of how deep my
disdain is for you your publication and
the rest of the self-important cancers
that infest this democracy and
euphemistically refer to themselves as
the Press I'll try to give you as brief
an answer as I possibly can I eat an
hour but we'll start with what scares me
most about you free radicals you're all
indoctrinated heads of Isis would look
at you and think God damn they're not
reasoning with some [__] we're
gonna try again Lucy cormic and she
responded with this email which thank
you so much for forwarding it on mate as
you've uncovered the sideshow bulb of
justifications
in the face starting with I feel the
story was fair there's that journalistic
objectivity we've all heard so much
about I don't know guys I just have this
like really weird hunch that I'm perfect
I'll give you this much Lucy it does
give a whole new meaning to believe
leave it and you'll see it doesn't it
because how did you Almighty Judge Dread
of your own biases determined that your
story was quote Fair the story laid out
a fact of both sides including
supporters of huge facts on both sides
from the paper that brought you Feats of
smugness over the phrase alternative
facts about a year ago now presents
facts on both sides
what are these two
two salacious and boring that's what
you've presented here in fact that
should be the slogan of your paper let's
look at these Fair facts in case you're
wondering that was a play on words on
Fairfax and yes I'm proud images
that is a fact in the same way that the
young Divas no longer tours is a fact
which I thought I would like to go on
record as saying that is the biggest
loss this country's ever had but we'll
chalk that nothing stag but after the
positive side just so there's something
in there as what followed was that I've
interviewed a bunch of Labor politicians
which is you can plainly see from the
headlines of the subsequent attack
pieces that followed foreign
friendly Geordie shocked to discover
there's better sources of sweet and sour
pork than Keen Tong a Sneed clearly it
was a signal to the rest of the press
attack labor MPS for going on friendly
geordies why because they want a
monopoly of access to these politicians
they don't want them going on a platform
that won't interrupt them every six
seconds with all you ever do is talk
about electric cars why won't you talk
about the struggle of indigenous actors
in the city they also want to take
whatever crap comes out of mind and
stick it to the label like their
official party policy line there's now
two labor politicians have pointed out
the president never does this to the
liberal politicians who go on Alan Jones
or Ray Hadley and after dealing with you
I truly think the reason you keep making
the same mistake over and over again is
because you're dumb but the reason your
superiors are making you take this angle
is what is known as wedging they're
hoping they'll force a labor politician
to do students themselves from me
whatever that means because how much
more decent you want them to be I've
spent more time wondering where the
batteries are in Coles than I've spent
with Christina kneely yet you'll hope
that one day I'll snap because oh what
someone said something a little
dismissive that's it properly funded
emergency services are going to have to
wait I'm supporting family first if your
goal is to distance me from decision
makers I do not require your lame
internet services I do a far better job
of scaring off politicians I like just
by existing thank you very much those
are go read did the positive facts the
Euro started threat to labor politicians
which actually changed my mind that
should be your slogan SMH if you don't
shut your [__] mouth Jody you'll see
this [__] on the telegraph tomorrow oops
too late now let's contrast that with
the negative facts they've highlighted
which are an allegation of me stalking a
journalist well that's a bit more
flavoursome than the year I started in
isn't it as well as two sentences that I
said extemporaneously in a podcast about
a year ago taken out of context this is
the stuff that makes the humor of Rock
Bottom no longer satire the essence of
this article is he started in 2013 and
the best way you could sum up 500 videos
and hundreds of hours of podcasts is
like Grabbers we can oh just thinking
about hurricane I just wish twitch
we've got opinions from both supporters
and detractors loose Lucy Goose we
talked to some of those inside sources
and they told us the entire my time
you're on the phone you were prodding
them to say something anything that
could even be construed as negative at
which point they'd hear your rap little
paused typing furiously this is why even
the supporters that I have in this
article always Mar their sentences with
something like well I don't agree with
everything he says well we've got no
choice but to impress you media she was
talking to these people for 20 minutes
you don't see major tractors in this
article starting with he's got really
nice teeth but
or now look I'm sure he's got a [__] so
massive that his nuts are actually just
two moons orbiting around you but that's
beside the point
the first attractor they found was a
secret National source which oh
geevani I wonder who that was
I'm just going to read this mysterious
contributors quote in this accent for no
reason shanks's Behavior was abhorrent
labor is clearly endorsing him and his
attack surprise oh who is this Brave
source-speaking truth to power I guess
we'll never know tell you what we do
know though apparently an anonymous
source inside the Nationals told us that
John baralaro the wilting Lily himself
who drops another petal every time
someone slights the Italian Community
apparently behind closed doors he refers
to me as quote the labor which hey
do you think
also once we refer you to Gladys bearish
equally and he apparently said words to
the effect of Atelier the kurd should
have finished the job John don't you
feed the Turks oh whatever man it's the
same [__] I told you it's just humans if
he was Deputy Premier he should have
said those things publicly that is the
best response to what have you got to
shade in numerous allegations of
widespread corruption I should [__] up
you Homer there's no comeback to that
for the SMH work report on that why
because the little back and forth the
Telly and the herald have about
political correctness that's what's
known as branding a superficial and
redundant Tiff to distract its readers
from the fact that they're both
campaigning for the same party which at
this point I'd like to ask yet again
who set you up to this lose we got the
gatekeeper to answer the phone would you
break which I've got to say I do love
that the Press has given that nickname
to my producer who spends most of his
time dresses an Albanian Wedding Singer
thinking about wait let's switch these
chocolates around so they think they're
biting into a vital crumble but it's
actually a crunch
[Music]
but he was
our extremely simple question have you
had any contact with John baralaro off
on or off the Record about this story
exactly the same question he asked the
Daily Telegraph Rider or Doherty you can
watch that video here and holy [__] you
thought Stewart Little's answer was
incriminating Lucy said
um I'm not
well I don't I don't know I
I don't know if I'm under the obligation
to answer that question
oh no it's just uh
it's you can you can say no comments
um or you can you can answer
because well I guess I
I feel uncomfortable
with being asked to
because who I haven't spoken to but
don't you think it is a kind of uh a
responsibility as someone from the media
to kind of let you know where where a
story has come from and like maybe who
you've spoken to and like how this story
is
that I want you to comment on
um
I don't have comments like that I don't
have comments that I'd be putting for
you to comment on but you have spoken to
John Barrow in it
off the Record
like you have spoken no no no no this is
on the record but you have spoken to
John barrolara off the Record
I can't say yes or no to that question I
mean that would go against
that's ridiculous man obligations take
what you will from that but I know what
I'm taking bastard a crime reporter and
State political reporter together at
last teaming up to expose what the State
political crimes we bought to light in
the breast video no tubing up to deflect
from those State political crimes and
instead smear the messenger who did both
your [__] jobs and yet you wonder why
no one's willing to pay for newspapers
anymore it's actually no different to
any other influential commentator with a
large following which we would profile
no different
second lesson between you and old media
loose my job is to sit around all day
every day and think of snarky ways to
pick apart your arguments this is all I
do I'm an ant lion you're an ant thank
you for this sustenance nom nom nom I
looked at a bunch of other influential
commentators with large followings that
you'll find publication as profiled
here's Auntie Jonah who knows hate from
me I'm as much of a fan of three grown
men smacking each other over the head
with glasses the necks but they also
make political stack I even made some In
This Very article if for some reason
they didn't have a crime reporter seeped
on them no that comedic act somehow slid
into the culture section their humor
described as bold quip smart and highly
energetic my humor on the other hand
described as a shardonic style that
pushes the balance of good taste
yes
you're seeing how one pushes the bounds
of good taste while the other is bold
quip smart and highly energetic I don't
thinking I'm not cultured enough for the
culture session apparently they then go
on to describe Arnie Donna as boy humor
quality at first revealing layers of
thought planning and considered
performance okay
why is it fully bluffing our way into
barrelaro's house which took months of
planning writing research pinpoint
Precision filming and editing all while
avoiding the calabrian mafia not planned
considered performance why is that
nothing more than the Nationals leaders
Italian Heritage being skewed using
accents and props
double standard has given me a lot to
think about guys thank you for your
insights on hashtag be better by being
more like honey Donner in the future and
whatever
okay you want a pizza yeah
it's not gonna work
best thing they've ever done if I'm
honest the potato Advocate Malcolm
Turnbull takes off newspaper The
protruder Advocate oh I'm not described
as a satirist in my headline I know I'm
a problem to politicians debate so thank
you for unintentionally admitting that
I'm an effective satirist but why not
intentionally different author different
flavor no the exact same new male wrote
both articles didn't write one when I
interviewed right but did display a
photo from it front and center in this
hit piece and maybe just maybe that's
because the batutis was an interview
where Malcolm Turnbull talked about beer
and gaffes and therefore writing it out
would act as a vicarious puff piece for
the prime minister of a party of the SMH
is backed in nearly every federal
election these nation's ever had while I
interviewed the prime minister of a
party they've only ever backed six times
since Federation about the most
important subject there is which is how
you the Press are manufacturing consent
either that or Fergus Hunter didn't see
the interview and now they've got way
more views
suck Fergus and not just because you
have an oddly shaped head tonightly what
was their headline nothing is off limits
for the tonight League Yeah a hundred
percent of their funding controlled by
the party of Alexander Downer who I
often mistake for a Korean Grandma
badass I on the other hand am completely
independent so nothing actually is off
limits for me yet how do these
testosterone deficient runs describe me
not so friendly YouTuber hang on I need
to point this out what is it with all
these blue check [__] that look
like jellyfish dishes a Japanese
businessmen would eat thinking they're
absolute word Smiths for concluding oh
he ironically calls himself friendly I
know what's clever not getting the irony
and then pointing out that he's actually
not friendly
walk through time time to ask Joseph
reality blue checks you ready you're not
special you're certainly not original
Your Existence is the perfect example of
a waste of resources nacho friendly
YouTuber helping labor reach Gen Y you
get that kid it's a nightly a show that
helps former IPA lobbyists that tried to
repeal every climate change policy we
have reached Gen Y in fact which the
only man in the country that could have
improved our dismal performance in that
field the field that United was
constantly bitching about Fair compared
to Colbert full frontal with Samantha
boo The Daily Show Last Week Tonight
with John Oliver yes they do mean that
as sincere praise
masquerading as a man is using shock
drop tactics
you're never going to understand this
until you get at least 30 seconds of
signing your entire life but Ray Hadley
and John laws are much funnier than
Colby and Samantha be I mean for
Christ's sakes look at this album cover
Ray Hadley's those with their days yeah
those they were Hadley those they were
look at this but I'm just another
profile you do like any other
how peculiar that we had to hit nearly
half a million before we were deemed big
enough to be discussed in the SMH while
Annie Donna was acceptable at a little
over a hundred thousand Alice Fraser
another comedian who does entire
podcasts about her political views was
noteworthy at less than three thousand
which a bigger than the denied Lee that
was profiled even before it had an
audience which let's be honest what the
change when they were on air our peculi
is still right when we fractured the
state government that's right I'm
claiming it that you installed it was at
that exact moment you decided to profile
yours truly and how even more peculiar
still that these are the negative
sentences in these four articles while
these are the negative sentences in mine
whoa I'm laughing these other profiles
combined multiple times over that are
exactly the same as mine wish we could
transfer those results over to Mario
Kart and oh look we can because look who
had a little lunch date if you ever need
a database of the most unimpressive
thoughts of Australia's most grating
narcissists look no further than the SM
Nature's lunch with Series so all the
proof you needed a meritocracy doesn't
exist can you imagine the solipsism
involved in the chain of thoughts
leading to I had gallopanian Rush got
his bag with Big Show oh and that has to
be documented for all eternity who the
hell is Big Sean fix it since usually
taking place somewhere around the gap
which is convenient as that's exactly
where you feel like jumping off as soon
as you've read them yet this is the
paper the Lucy cormic defense is
properly covering varalaro's corruption
casually overnight with John Barrel's
favorite wine no less don't go too hard
on him guys what a paper a comedian in
crime criminal in dying literally
whining and dining those you're supposed
to be holding to account while you as
Michael Wester aptly put a whole
comedians to account sorry not sorry
loose but Chomsky again the
indoctrination is so deep that the
educated people think they're being
objective the indoctrination is so deep
that the educated people think they're
being objective you ready to learn how
deep that rabbit hole goes because brace
yourself
scary
they repeated their slogan to us seven
times in 20 minutes here's the counter
we
[Music]
did
or independent outfit as professional
journalists in a fair and independent
and accurate way yeah and the reason I'm
called friendly geordies is because I'm
friendly it's like he's speaking to
scientologists they believe they're
independent despite being owned by nine
fear facts unless I'm grossly
misinformed about the definition of
independent I don't think it means a
company that was eaten by an even bigger
company and has to rely on sponsorship
from some of the most evil companies on
Earth just to keep the lights on you're
about as independent as a toddler that
has a shirt that says Little Miss
Independent on it your claim runs as
deep as the ink convinced of a fairy
tale like
foreign
[Music]
editorial Independence wow someone who
believes whatever they're told now
that's someone you want as a crime
reporter what an idiot contrary to the
fact that the board of nine Fairfax
includes Peter Costello and just like
the ABC is riddled from the top down
with former liberals which is such an
obvious subtle as an atomic example of
institutional bias that I was trying to
think of a comparison to highlight the
absurdity of that all I could think of
is that's like claiming you're
independent when Peter Costello is on
the board of your organization and then
I remembered oh hang on that's reality
this might surprise you Fergus but as a
quote labor aligned comedian I've got to
say I really agree with Paul Keating on
this one they have given an assurance
that the Fairfax editorial Charter of
Independence will be honest the Fairfax
border management sold out that's what's
happened here but they say they've got a
deal they've got to deal with the nine
board but a gentleman's agreement if you
will to say I mean if you believe in
that you shouldn't be a journalism you
should give the game up you know you you
remember that the next time you're at an
opera wedding Virgo he thinks you should
starve you actually think Peter Costello
after a lifetime of fighting the labor
party is going to leave Parliament take
his part as a little blue tie off not
even that still wears one never mind
after spending 20 elections handing out
how to vote liberal pamphlets all of
that is going to have no muscle memory
at all in Costello's decision-making and
running what is essentially now a
massive how to vote liberal pamphlet
he's just gonna turn a new page as it
were first on the agenda to prove that
Liberal Party holds fundraiser at
Channel 9's headquarters not even News
Corp goes that far raising money for the
Liberals to campaign on is apparently
impartial according to squash head here
because
was
not happy about that James chisel is a
former media advisor to Joe hockey his
entire job was to distort the Optics of
a situation in the press to favor the
Liberals and surprise surprise why does
the new life that a fundraiser was held
at channel nine
because of the Optics claiming that it
was quote regrettable because many of
the staff felt that it could temporarily
tarnish our reputation for Independence
I don't worry about that James I'll make
sure it's permanent
he suck hole admitting in his own
admonition that pretending to be
impartial whilst raising money for the
liberal party's warches isn't bad in
principle no what's bad is destroying
the illusion that you're impartial
Lucy James I know there's no point
attempting to explain this to members of
the independent church of supreme
Clarity zealously aiming to reach the
next stage of human evolution being a
Microsoft speak program but you're
independent like the Democratic People's
Republic of Korea is democratic you know
the proverb of history is written by The
Victors can we all just extend that to
journalism after all what else is
today's paper other than tomorrow's
archive everyone seems to understand oh
Caesar didn't go down in history for
attempting to reform land laws and
banking but as a power-hungry ego Maniac
hellbent on destroying the Republic
maybe that's got something to do with
the fact that all of historians during
the time of Caesar with friends and
family of the Senate why is it that when
it comes to journalists who are the
friends and family of the Senate Fergus
Hunter's father worked for SMH loses
clearly from the Bunya baristocracy so
is it any wonder why she wound up
defending the bunion aristocracy for a
living drop this obnoxious charade that
you're these Walter White meth batch of
objectivity 99.9
is hitting partial when in reality
you're just the latest characters in a
play as old as history you're the elite
protecting the elite Own It own it like
the modern day grape eating Fox you are
James also relies on anti-mage coverage
as a source of material in these videos
so I'm gonna have to disagree with this
suggestion that we've ignored the
alleged corruption issues Lucy repeated
this on the phone to Christo immediately
after saying quite pissed off mind you
so years
no no there's
no this is I mean really this is a bit
beyond the pale also considering you I
mean
[Music]
I remember Jordan's recently we're very
happy quoting
pretty much every single grab from every
single story in the video was a Sydney
Morning Herald article proving that she
either hasn't read or doesn't understand
chomsky's critique of the press but
that's okay Lucy because that's exactly
why you are where you are so it's very
good that you don't but let's go through
the Sydney Morning Heralds articles that
I referenced in Bros four out of eight
of them are announcements from John
barallaro that means half of your
defense that you're covering John
balara's nefarious dealings is what are
you talking about with photocopied his
press releases keep the bastards honest
or don't as one of those articles that
we use only to highlight John baralaro
called for a royal commission into the
Murray darling Basin which he did report
on
who failed to report on though is that
when it came to crunch time he voted
against it if you're not completely
domesticated pits of the Coalition why
did you only report the bit that sounded
good loose you loaded a human example of
the do not feed the wild animal sign
you're just these lazy fat seagulls
waiting around flesh beings like
barolaro for hey guys
put this labor on the front page for
being on PC that'll just scare away that
dirty little crowd why did we have to
learn the John barrelaro's Antics were
all talk and no walk from Helen Dalton
who's not a journalist while you the
journalists reported that the talk was
the same as the walk I'm always having a
laugh that Miss Love from the Pod sole
source of news is Helen Dalton's
Facebook page I'm not laughing now it is
factually a better source of news than
nine fear facts he reported on Barrel
Arrow signing off on the oyster deal
sure after Labor gave you that story you
used David shubridge's work to show that
he was pork barely and yet you're taking
credit for it it's just Krusty the Clown
saying this is anyone but Steve Allen
you're stealing my bed you can't get
haughty over me for using your work it's
not yours you're essentially gloating by
using us friendly Jordans is admitting
that we have a better algorithm than the
New South Wales Hampshire wow you're
capable of organizing information a
little better than a two Century long
transcript what is she claim to fame
almost as lame as your other articles
which look this is Lucy's body of work
it's like she thinks she writes for
Sydney confidential oh someone in the
New South Wales National shirt shopping
[__] meow awkward alert they're having
a meeting
the information in the SMH was
responsible for originally sourcing in
the bras video was are you ready for
this a sentence a sentence in a 27
minute long video your monolith company
with its virtually Limitless resources
was responsible for the smallest
possible metric next to nothing while we
an organization with next to nothing
sign up today on patreon have released
documentary length videos based on his
corruption yeah you think your
multi-billion dollar organization
deserves praise you don't deserve praise
you deserve to be homeless look at the
month of September this would have had
to have been one of the worst months in
Coalition history only to be outdone by
October in September the month of the
Coalition nearly collapsed Gladys bear
Ezekiel got 47 articles 47 articles and
we're not even counting addresses to the
Press you know how many opposition
leader Jody McKay got
zero
well if you do include addresses to the
press in that month two of bear
ezekiel's articles were negative
two
fiend for her second worst month what
did she get in October three in total
around five percent of her coverage was
critical that's nearing the corona death
rate numbers that she's almost solely
responsible for by letting in the Ruby
Princess which you wouldn't know about
it she never gets any [__] negative
coverage conversely the number of
Articles New South Wales labor leader
Jody McKay was mentioned him even in the
opening paragraph for that month two oh
thing in fact you can't even set up I a
YouTuber got more coverage in this
evening Morning Herald than the
opposition leader a couple of issues
with that first off sucked in Jody but
second
half of the opposition leaders
microscopic coverage was negative that
means of the coverage she got it was
almost 50 times smaller than the
premieres and 10 times more negative
you think with coverage like that it's
just a coincidence that when you talk to
your normal friends their response is
either who's Jody McKay or oh I hate her
all she does is whinge very strange
description for one of the funnest most
upbeat people I've ever met in my life
this leads me to my second massive issue
with the mainstream and I will be
drilling this metaphor into your head to
the point that you like everyone who
works with me roll your eyes whenever
you hear it but number two the media is
a giant magnifying glass I'm obsessed
with that visual it's the Perfect
Analogy the media this massive tool
operated by the elite hovering over the
landscape like the eye of Sauron until
it finds a fact that suits its narrative
and
Junior
koalas what about the 40 minutes of
information surrounding that claim that
corroborates
do it draws Focus that's the real
purpose of the press it's not there to
inform the public it's there to draw the
Public's Focus to the facts that are
convenient to its owners you see it in
their complete lack of coverage to the
major political party that is only a few
seats away from forming government you
see it in the city morning Herald's puff
pieces on James Packer the banks and
Qantas and you see it in our 27 minute
video outlining roting that this leech
of a deputy Premier has bestowed upon
his benevolent State the millions of tax
dollars that he has moved into his Maids
bank accounts no no that's not where
we're pointing the magnifying glass
today we're going to hover it over this
just in Aussie Comedian says loose [__]
well that's the most important part of
that video I'm telling you nine Fairfax
is worse than the Murdoch press because
at least the Murdoch press isn't boring
news.com at least pointed out that I
[__] in his house which barrelaro Bros
allow me to add this little tidbit
we didn't wipe up after I didn't have a
come rag lying around sorry anyway now
that we've outlined just some of the
Charles Manson level indoctrination that
has resulted in the generalist image
State without a hint of irony that this
article is about
let's get to the real Pokemon please
dude I honestly believe this has
confirmed they're investigating an
allegation of harassment by Shanks
that's a fascination of my entire career
in between working until 2AM every day
of my life in self-imposed isolation
fixated on my sweltering hatred of the
Prius
nice now that I say that let's go that
sound like the lifestyle of someone who
would do that the point is burger stand
up why don't you have a little Sherlock
Holmes hat your display pictured it
offset some of that trademark SMH
punchable smirk you all have gliding is
magnifying glass over the lone factor of
harassment report was filed not to tell
you how to do your job Virgo because you
[__] at it and that benefits me but you
know what else is reported to the police
ghost sightings therefore under normal
surgery this is getting sick now usually
considered crazy if the police had
enough evidence to base an entire
narrative around oh completely objective
floating orb that definitely doesn't
have an ulterior motive being the beam
of non-biased clarity that you are why
did you report on that when it was filed
a month before you publish your article
that means the cops aren't taking it
remotely seriously and if they were
don't you think I would have learned
about it from them instead of you you
two bit Mudslinger we were thinking of
reporting Lucian Fergus to the cops just
to show everyone how easy it is to write
that someone's been reported to the
police but we decided against it is
unlike these defective products of upper
class Decay we're not solipsistic enough
to think that the purpose of the public
service is to force them to validate our
abandonment issues unlike the mysterious
journalists who filed this complaint
that took around three seconds of
snooping to discover
it was Joe hildebrad guys even I think
you're a smidge and less of a joke than
Joe heal the brand don't put yourself at
the same basket as rigor from Captain
Planet over here look at this man's face
I tell you think anyone on Earth would
be interested in stalking Joe Kilda
brand you know what he thinks we are
[Music]
walk to his local park after working a
14-hour day and thought holy [__] that's
Joe's house how do we know because he's
such a narcissist he was forcing it On
Studio 10 every second day we just done
a video on him so we took a photo of
that uncanny coincidence or possibly a
UFO from a park a park mind you that we
regularly walk in on the same day that
we took a bunch of photos of other sheep
including a possibly saw which hate to
break it to you Joe but I've thought
about that possum a hell of a lot more
than I've thought about you as I'm a big
fan of marsupials not so much rats
this is just an expression you ready
you're as safe as houses Joe I'm sorry
to deflate your ego but the only person
on Earth who is obsessed with you is you
you two parasites on the other hand can
squirm in the dog anus as I imagine you
sleep in as I'll be informing the Press
cancel about your boring Shenanigans
claiming I didn't address your intrigues
which is a lie like these stupid answers
because they're stupid questions you
didn't even publish it I gave Gary orsup
a shout out is the best media analyst in
the country frankly I don't forgive you
for it this brings us to the next reason
I don't like the mainstream media and
that is three you're just terrible
people questions have been raised are
questions have been raised the smh's
equivalent of Fox News as some people
say who's raising these questions you
are you oyster looking good British
tactics and recent stunts as well as
comments about allegations of sexual
harassment against former New South
Wales opposition leader Luke Foley now
this is the important part passage of
this police are also investigating a
complaint against Shanks implying that
I'm being investigated for sexual
harassment which means you know what
time it is that's right it's press
Council time you malevolent sacks of
[__] leading your audience on to draw
the false conclusion that I'm some sort
of sex pest by conflating two carefully
selected accusations and intertwining
them so that I have to come out and say
no I'm not being investigated for sexual
harassment nor have I ever been
investigated for sexual harassment which
automatically makes everyone think why
would you have to say is if there's not
some truth to it just a very Serpentine
example of the don't think of an
elephant principle in action so you
better thank Christ that I don't believe
in defamation and have a plan for to
defend myself otherwise I'd see you into
the [__] Stone Age
you no longer get to rock that
Scandinavian Basics look you're going
for there's a reason an entire episode
of The Simpsons is devoted to exactly
this scenario and it's because as soon
as you hear the word sexual harassment
or sexual assault it doesn't matter what
follows the audience feels queasy and so
it's trial by gut I deeply resent the
fact that the Press have discovered that
the South Park m-word exists because
even if you're completely absolved of it
in court like Emma hoosa or Peter
sleeper doesn't matter what matters is
the court of public opinion and in the
court of public opinion you're
automatically guilty my lawyer's office
is filled with cases where even if she
proves her clients innocent the damage
is done their relationships their
reputations their careers lie
permanently in tatters which is
precisely the point as the Press lives
by this city he thought that if you
can't beat him smiro as such do forgive
me as an observer and now bearer of this
tactic that I'm someone skeptical of the
one allegation they mercilessly dropped
fully with relentlessly particularly
when it seems to to follow the
observable pattern that the actual crime
the magnifying glass is picking up on is
that he was on the wrong side of
politics James said it's just his word
against hers fired his opposition leader
for grabbing someone's ass while you're
drunk I don't know about that sorry to
brag but you know that bingo game we
played before they released this article
where we tried to guess exactly what mud
they'd sling and we had a 75 hit rate we
went in completely blind and we got 75
of what they were going to hit us with a
distinction correct and that's because
you don't understand what predictable
cogs you are I haven't said to the very
clip you're currently quoting God I hope
they do why because it was clear from my
podcast with Neil Paul haircut where we
were discussing sorry Lucy and Virgo I
know you think you're so much smarter
than Chomsky but him again when the
pressure focuses on the sex lives of
politicians reach for your pocket and
see who's pulling out your wallet seeing
as you don't get the irony of me calling
myself friendly Geordie so I highly
doubt you'll get the irony in the fact
that you just prove what Tom was saying
to a level that would make even him
utter God damn willing to enact this
guilt by association chain that would
make even North Korea think is a bit
Overkill as you use an allegation on
someone else from well over a year ago
that I was commenting on not only to
smear me oh no we're not done yet any
labor politician who's ever been on my
channel surely you and your children and
your children's children is less of a
stretch than that that leads me to my
divorce issue that I had with the Press
you're not looking for answers you're
looking for grabs a half form thought a
sound bar always with the excuse oh well
the article is only a thousand words
that format is by Design the creators of
the modern Western propaganda model
wanted news to be delivered in short
spurts this is because if it's short it
can only be shallow if it's shallow
complex thoughts and nuanced arguments
are made Impossible by its very
construct if complex thoughts and
nuanced arguments are eradicated you've
eliminated any chance verifying the
audience and that serves the purpose of
the press just fine as the entire
purpose of the media is thought control
what's genius about the Western
propaganda model over say a
dictatorships is that by using these
little tricks like inserting a line of
opposing view it deceives the audience
into thinking oh well that's the whole
story that's very neutral even though
the [__] title of it is how to solve
a problem like friendly geordies
journalists might not be aware of this
but the actual skill they're being paid
for is to craft accusatory questions
that are impossible to respond to in a
sentence and only give you a sentence to
respond they do this so no matter what
you say you look bad and if you say
nothing you look worse if you're
interested Lucy and I know you're not
here's another example of the difference
between you and all media you don't get
to play that game anymore I can take as
long as I like to respond and I will not
that I should as you could have answered
your own question by doing the bare
minimum of research I.E looking at the
full clip and then shutting the [__] up
as it's obvious what I was trying to say
but I'll repeat it again Michael Daly
black greatly admire personally I think
he's a peaceful empowerment but
unfortunately Alan Jones and Ray Hadley
hated his guts can you imagine two
people hating you that would be worse
possibly Mr squiggle in the chalkboard
but the chalkboard hates everyone
therefore I think he would have been a
much better replacement choice for Alan
Jones than being Fordham one of the very
few people that could command their
respect was Luke Foley as a result it
was evident in the polling that Foley
was on track to win the last New South
Wales election evidence by you as that
was the only headline you published of
him that month yeah right at that moment
massive coincidence I know bam
accusation of inappropriate touching
next month all of a sudden the Sydney
Morning Herald's interest in Foley
peaked harder than the lad taking a
capturing maths class his article count
increasing from 2 to 35. what are the
explanations for this that it was a
genuine attempt to expel Predators from
Power I'm new to the Inner Circle of
parliamentary gossip and I've heard
numerous allegations of Coalition all
right one thing that we need to do
eventually soon is write a pen chat
which takes the last chat message
uh just I mean all right I'll just I'll
just I'll just do it
oh boy am I a [__] loser
Jesus Christ
how long is this taking me like hours
all right come on
okay wait uh write a function called
right chat
which takes
um
is there a is there a way to access the
vs code API
let's let's uh
let's have another one
I kind of doubt that I mean that seems
weird
is there a way to access the vs code API
to determine which files are currently
open in the editor from within a python
Rebel
your name he's doing way worse I just
kind of like having the example no way
why are they getting this way if you
think that it deserves an increase of
1700 In Articles
you don't know about these allegations
honey don't lie your entire life is
following State parliamentary gossip
which I've got to say has to be one of
the saddest existences I can imagine I'd
rather be a bigger in India with no
limbs but there is no way you don't know
about those rumors so why do they get
the same scrutiny different because this
was about a party leader please why King
ads are more sincerely investigating if
their competitors make whiter and
brighter sheets compare Foley's run in
the Press with the treatment you gave
quite a spiritually who is a proven home
wrecker she was having an affair with a
married man for years you're telling me
that's not more damaging to Maguire's
spouse or whatever Luke Foley was
accused of yet in the month of October
there were 58 articles written about
berajuklian 15 were defending her three
were negative which first off holy [__]
turns out my joke about their coverage
in October wasn't a joke it's honestly
impossible to parody you people the rest
were neutral if we're being generous
because look at what we were forced to
constitute as negative this is the
editor of the smh's State political
coverage her hard-hitting headline on
berajiklian can we really have a
Premiere who trusts show willingly I
don't know if she has a fault at all
it's that she's too good isn't it
Alexandra this is the exact same rhyme
on Luke Foley Luke Foley must resign
today a nice little inquiry inviting the
reader to ponder just how much of a
victim Gladys paragician really is as
opposed to a flat out demand to end your
career in fact let's stay with Alexandra
for a second because just like all these
other cancers on Democracy her she's
written over 460 articles on state
politics since Jody McKay into politics
you know how many of them were
explicitly about Beijing in the headline
103. you know how many are about the
opposition leader Jody McKay
three
Christ and you thought Bernie that
doesn't even make sense actually you
black out Fred Nile got almost as many
articles as Jody McKay now I'm not
disputing the type Freight doesn't
deserve Prime print obviously he needs
to remind us that Evolution still is
just a theory and Adam and Eve is the
word of God until then but this state
parliamentary editor of the Sydney
Morning Herald holding the office of the
opposition leader in the same regard as
some Fringe preference Whispering DLP
hangover who I'm pretty sure lives in a
balloon-powered house that's checking
your biases at the door of nine Fairfax
is it when we went into this we thought
that the ratio would be appalling not
that appalling
who isn't even a member of parliament I
know Alexandra will cover labor just as
long as she has a chance to [__] on them
speaking of back to Foley out of those
35 articles at the Sydney Morning Herald
published about an allegation of
inappropriate touching allegation how
many were negative
a hundred percent
you couldn't even bring yourself to make
one article defending the opposition
Leader's claims while you have a proven
home wrecker that we have on tape aiding
and abetting Corruption as the premier
of New South Wales 15 defense articles
while a negative coverage as always made
me wonder why do you even have Alexandra
Smith on the payroll just replace it
with a can of solar you get the same
results five percent negative coverage I
am openly partisan gloriously
unashamedly wear it as a badge of honor
partisan yet looking at these grotesque
and shameful numbers I feel even I could
learn a thing or two about shielding
from the covert comrades of Costello
their defense line of this big nose
walking caricature from day one has been
this is a matter between two
unbelievably sexy adults the newer and
Saucier Beck and Leighton Hewitt
Michelin Tire Man and Bin chicken
interesting to note that you only agree
with yourself and the politician in
question is covering up corruption and
when the politicians promising to clean
up corruption all of a sudden you shine
a light on it that's brighter than your
bizarre fetishization of the Vivid
Festival this is because if labor was
elected it would mean that the current
parasites that have latched onto the
colon of the government would no longer
be able to suck this steak dry it would
mean an end to the absurdly overpriced
appallingly corrupt multi-billion dollar
infrastructure contracts that the
Liberals regularly Dole out to their
donors for projects that are designed to
keep Sydney and traffic so that other
donors can harvest the population for
road tolls while the development of
those cheap Matchbox flats that are more
flammable than oxygen and pop up faster
than shrooms after rain always with that
yellow stripe around the windows that no
one could possibly like unless they take
those shrooms and even then because
why would they do that it looks like
Andy Warhol started a painting and
thought no it's all those would have
halted as fully wanted to ban poverty
developers from running for local
Council there would have been enough
nurses to properly accommodate the
hospital system that was buckling before
covert the health system was on the
brink before the pandemic due to the
Liberals underfunding understaffing and
rampant privatization due to the RFS and
national parks which led to a Bushfire
death toll of over a billion incinerated
native animals and those are just some
of the
once AI has a visual understanding of
things it's going to be all over
[Music]
all right
um actually I'll watch uh I'll watch
chat today I mean I don't know I never
really get any chatters
I guess someone's watching right now
maybe just me
I don't know
if you're watching what's up
what we're trying to do is we're trying
to make a logo for a YouTube video
um
foreign
zero zero zero zero
um
but you can't do equals
foreign
is suspicious
nice
all right that's like three instructions
let's see if we can get it
no way man that's dope
foreign
all right
a script for a YouTube video titled how
I started dominating leak code challenge
foreign
PC I need a non-pc uh
Chachi beachy to write this
um
guys what should I do
foreign
what about this are you a displaced
software engineer looking to find your
home look no further with Boost with AI
boost with AI will raise you to the top
of the uh lee code leaderboards just in
time for you to get a cushy job at
Google before everyone gets fired
are you depressed
that you spent your time in college
behind a computer screen
grinding
for a better
future
what the [__] is this at opener uh yes
that's always wrong that's so funny
no further
now
AI there's no need to work anymore
just boost and cheat
do not think
do not fear
do not worry
do not think do not fear do not worry
the end is near
troducing
a highly code
we code
decode bot
in this video
I'll show you
how I raised
became
no I got into the top
10 of
coders with
Enrique
I was able to teach myself
rust
or at least that
what it looks like
worry uh
uh wallow no more
we are here to take you out of your
pathetic misery
32 I need to get to the office to print
out that thing
okay so now we made the video
um
or we made the thumbnail
I need my face in it
what's up
to be honest I don't want to invite the
boys because you don't want to invite me
to hang with the boys
this would be the time
I want to hang with the boys on the boys
time not on my time okay all right
that's fair
I guess so
much funnier if it's just me and you
yeah I mean that's fine
Michael and Alex probably well Alex
probably busy I don't know
yeah I don't know if there's any sexy
girls there for Michael so yeah
you're like
I mean yeah all right
all right I gotta go all right no
no cause I'm busy
all right all right love you bear
and use my face in it probably right
pretty much all of them have a face in
it
it's kind of busy
foreign
bro there's no way this works
okay let's try this
local
there's just no way this thing works
thank you
hmm
let's try that
um
yeah I feel like this is not going to do
your well
um
I mean we have this
realistically it's pretty good
um
it's just absolutely no way
we're gonna see
foreign
okay
this is really a fun way of programming
not gonna lie
bro oh yeah
I don't like this let's just do this
um
that's cool
this is so good
foreign
whatever
that is not a thing
oh is it Channel View
foreign
this one's pretty good though
we just need more um
colors and stuff
spiral rainbow background
foreign
like I want to distort it along some
sort of radial
scripts are so much better than
functions
[__] functions
all my homies like Scripts
ranges unfathomably destructive issues a
labor government would have solved
overnight and so to address the
extemporaneous sentence that I added
about a year ago that you've
mendaciously distorted into my central
point which was
I look at the big picture you on the
other hand move the magnifying glass
over the smallest details you can
possibly zoom in on like this not a
public hospital system that Gladys
bearish clean is systematically
dismantling so that people lose track of
that and your donors can profit off its
evil and sick scrap salvaging it's the
same reason why you're numerically
demonstrable and deliberate character
assassination of Luke Foley is not how I
remember him I remember him as a man of
genuine integrity and care I remember
him as the only person with a platform
pointing out hey the Liberals are
carrying out an equal side in fact the
only reason anyone watching this now
would know about it is because I learned
it from him good luck learning about it
from the astonishingly tiny coverage
that the Press gives these most heinous
of crimes meaning Publications like the
Sydney Morning Herald are completely
complicit in a mass special genocide and
yet these weak wretched Servants of
Mammon dare question my integrity guys
mind if we focus the magnifying glass
back on you for a second let's start
with what everyone assumes is the
backbone of Journalism honesty I mean
it's been pretty heavily covered so far
but we'll just do a quick recap
deformation double standards quote
mining deliberate mischaracterization
blatant character assassination
consistent perfect vacuums of contacts
and straight up bold-faced lies to boot
easy Lucio Fergus don't make honor saves
ghost too jealous with your
truth-telling abilities so let's just
move on to that other fundamental pillar
of Journalism research you got this
quote from a tweet you couldn't even be
bothered watching the full clip meaning
that you have worse research skills than
Stoners doubly so as you seem to have
assumed that Hamish Taylor a former
greens candidate Who's involved with the
auwu so yeah nothing sus there he
couldn't possibly have a political
motivation and clipping a few seconds of
a point that lasted 15 minutes and
coloring it with the caption show which
is the first indicator is anyone that
starts points online with show Chuck him
in a gulag show Friend Like Jordan is
actually pretty [__] up views on
sexual assault
do I why then were you running for the
greens that are covering up numerous
much more credible allegations of rape
date rape domestic violence and you just
have nothing about that but you really
care about what a YouTuber extent
rainiously said as a side point so much
so that you keep it out of context to
make it appear as if it's the main point
when the main point was about
prioritizing I have no idea what I'm
actually looking for I'm sort of just
playing around I have no idea what I
want
foreign
splotchy
I'm loving this I'm loving this this is
really cool
you know it's just like you just say
what you want
it's such a better way to get to
I'll save that one
foreign
just more red
oh sick
foreign
that's cool man
can you make an animation of this where
you modulate the parameters
make the script to generate a 500 a five
second animation 300 frame
okay let's try it
can you guys tell the difference I can't
tell the difference
maybe I can oh I can
this is so slow
the flush standard out thing is sick
though
that's nice
takes too long to process though I don't
know if it's just this
three seconds
hmm
oh wait
games and you call yourself a [__]
green you Experian pig nose skull peigns
you already look like one with that nice
gummy smile that says you can't trust me
as far as you can throw me which now I
think about it not a great metaphor
choices I reckon I could throw you very
far you scrawny nothing that doesn't
appear to be held down by a single
conviction you just say whatever gains
you and even slight Advantage at that
exact moment either that or you're
coincidentally selectively empathetic in
all the areas that don't hinder your
advancement in life this entire blow up
was manufactured by two smear Merchants
playing a modified game of Chinese
Whispers where they're deliberately
attempting to bung up the message and
yet she dare asks where do you think the
mainstream media fails well it's a long
chain spanning back a century but the
most recent blunderies they hired you
this is because point five you have the
most evil set of priorities I could
possibly imagine to illustrate this
let's compare the SMH to my primary
value unlike them I don't make a secret
of it more than anything on Earth I'd
like to see the Earth saved the SMH
certainly doesn't give a [__] about that
acknowledging there it is before the
last election that the New South Wales
liberals environmental record was quote
abysmal
and then proceeded to endorse them
regardless
why
why was a completely preventable six
mass extinction worth rushing aside in
the opinion of these self-anointed
Democratic Watchdogs get ready the
answer will really flaw you the reason
they endorse this specious Idol Maniac
was in the interest of a stable
government
how's that working out that's just level
two of this Mount Everest load of
incredulity their justification was if
labor wins they might have to share
power with the shooters and Fishes
imagine a state run by two awesome
parties better vote for the stability
that can only come from a state run by
two [__] parties I'd honestly be baffled
if I didn't know it was completely faint
there's literally no way just to let you
in on our game plan you can't because so
and I thought let's come up with a bunch
of questions designed to elicit their
values when they get frustrated and
demand to get a statement from me
crystal will then pass the phone on to
me no matter what their first question
is I'll answer with I think the best way
to start it out is um
do you know the t-shirt brand lonely
kids club then go on to advertise them
as my only comment for their article a
because check them out they just have
great designs but B Warwick's a legend
he's the guy that runs the place and all
the profits from this koala kill design
go to the animal rescue Collective
a lot of questions I'll just say all the
profits of that go to the animal rescue
Collective
um they do great work like after the
bushfires they stop all of these animals
from starving to death afterwards
because they had no food or water
therefore by that being their only
statement we figured that they would be
forced to undo some of the horrendous
damage that they've inflicted upon this
state by publishing that at the very
least just the name animal rescue
Collective they instead wrote when
Shanks came to the phone who spoke about
his involvement in an ongoing koala
fundraising project before hanging up
the animal risk you collected is not as
well a fundraising project you redundant
ignoramus nor did I once mentioned the
koala sep in my bras video if they ask
me a question based completely on that
event supremise such as the shodiness of
their research particularly when it
comes to the environment it seems and
perhaps that has something to do with
what Christo brilliantly uncovered by
pushing them to answer the very very
simple question uh what do you think
about uh the Brumby Bill what do you
think about 27 native species going
extinct because of a ten thousand dollar
donation what are your opinions on that
this story is not covering that
no but what are your opinions on that
this is my story
this is friendly this is friendly
Geordie story this is why you're on the
record this is on the media this is a
story on the media
I think I can say like you know what
you're going for here and what you're
doing and it's I okay but
you guys and and
certain ammo and
you know you do content a certain way
online that's fine yeah because please
just answer the question like what
motivates you like why are you doing
this you're just saying all these
abstractions mate mate
your tunnel vision this is a broader
critique of the media you seem to be
motivated by nothing but getting this
story out which what is the point of
this story like there are political to
deny that we live in the real world that
seems what you're doing because there is
an effect that your your journalism has
it affects the political system that
affects New South Wales environment and
just to and it's very mentally lazy just
to say oh no that's unrelated I don't
need to think about that I'm trying to
push you to think about how what your
role of in New South Wales and politics
is and it's really disappointing that
you haven't even thought about that for
one second what do you think about land
clearing what do you think about
brumbies what do you think you know
is that me me getting
um mildly impatient with the question is
what we're just thinking I think is
basically we've
been Andrew what professional Journey
but Fergus you could have answered that
Fergus you could have answered
recently journalist Rob English seen
here modeling last season's range of
best and less Shadow project Sanchez he
works for the examiner and recently he
shared that SMH attack piece on me then
quickly deleted the post soon after
because who'd have guessed Doughboy is
soft in it he wrote good article about a
bad person his words and somehow as
outlined in his very thought-provoking
think peas labor needs to distance and
Chill from vlogger friendly Jewish issue
with me calling that article a huge
piece despite then going on to
regurgitate the exact same accusations
and themes outlined in it but in a much
wider and Foe and dignity tone it was
honestly the written equivalent of a
mosquito trapped in an air conditioner
on the fritz in fact I had a host of
questions I wanted to ask Rob I reached
out to him twice and for some reason
after what we did to James o'doherty
from the telegraph he was shy oh that's
all right champ I'll just leave those
questions here feel free to answer them
whenever you like Rob
my first question is in regards to your
opening sentence I'm no comedian but I
do know the golden rule of comedy and
that is to never punch down well that's
embarrassing Rob because anyone who's
read even a single joke book would tell
you that the golden rule is the rule of
three and the secret Golden Rule is that
only hacks believe in Golden rules so I
guess my second question is
do you have any original thoughts your
opinion piece doesn't have a single
original opinion in it your concept of
Comedy is exactly what every Loser on
Twitter and Reddit says whenever they're
offended personally by a joke
approaching down but quick human
tutorial from a guy that's read a phd's
worth of books on human Theory okay
humor theory is filled with example
after example anthropological
sociological neurological of punching
down being funny is on top of that I
actually am a comedian Rob I deliver
punch lines for a living unlike you who
is a living punchline and I'm definitely
punching down by focusing on you you're
a journalist in Launceston I don't even
tour there if someone offered me half a
million dollars for a single night
Extravaganza
there's enough haunted prisons in Sydney
but I can assure you rob even though I
am punching down many people are
laughing at the fact you have a career
and if they aren't they will be as this
is a two-parter are you going to revoke
your objectively false statements on
punching down into take it can you shut
the [__] up about comedy your
understanding of a joke however narrow
eye-rollingly pompous and ironically
unprovocative it is when the
operationality should be privileged
wealth and power I made this object of a
joke that's genuinely provocative
genuinely subversive that's your
definition of Good Humor would just like
to stress that that is certainly not
mine mine can be best summed up as C
American Pie band camp but that being
the case
why do you have issue with me making fun
of the Deputy premier of New South Wales
a guy that I'm pretty sure is worth tens
of millions of dollars at a minimum and
holds the second most powerful position
in the most powerful state of one of the
top 20 most powerful countries on Earth
yet according to you John barallaro
doesn't have enough privileged wealth
and power to be made fun of such high
expectations of my profession role If
Only They float over to your own I
looked at 40 articles at your
Publications written about your local
liberal Federal member Bridget Archer
you know how many of them were either
positive or just complete lifts from
press releases
40.
40 out of 40 were positive
is that good eh it's still kind of cool
though those frequencies of this channel
would be well aware Liberals are perfect
in every way and the examiner is not
afraid to tell it like it is their
coverage of the premiere of Tasman
you're also a local member also a
liberal another perfect score 40 out of
40 another local liberal Sarah Courtney
only achieved a lowly 38 out of 40
positive articles oh room for
improvement says one politely asks her
to focus on something I guess that
sword accounts as criticism while the
other is a good old-fashioned no hold
bad scolding and exposure to claims
Sarah Courtney admits to preferring to
dance when no one's watching
the Liberals Michael Ferguson 39 out of
40. hey that's almost premium material
the negative one written by Rob himself
outlining that he failed to disclose
nearly a hundred thousand dollars of
taxpayer money being spent on outside
Consultants to make an infrastructure
plan that didn't have any plans in it
well
see how no one would regard that as a
complete waste of money neither does Rob
apparently Fair imbalanced as he is
characterizing that is an honest mistake
you sure that isn't blatant corruption
you who thinks comedians should only
joke about the powerful and privileged
why do you as a journalist then never
hold the powerful and privilege to
account why do you let him get away with
giving 93 000 of tax payer money to
consultants for the service of making a
PDF with a bunch of Wikipedia facts in
it because I learned from an actual
journalist Callum footer works for
Michael West that MPS in power get an
advertising budget of around 130 000
each he also told me that local members
threatened all the time not to spend any
of that money in ads in local papers
should they receive negative coverage
certainly can't accuse The Examiner of
as when you examine their coverage of
the Liberals out of 160 articles three
uh sort of maybe kind of negative a
little bit so here's my question Rob
do you honestly think you're a
journalist or you at least self-aware
enough to know that you're an embedded
PR hack for the Liberal Party whose job
is to excuse and cover up their ramp and
Corruption do you even know who your
owners are Rob your parent companies ACM
that's a conglomeration of all the
newspapers Fairfax rejected 170
Publications half owned by Alex
weaselitz a man reached from his close
ties to the Pratt Family who are some of
the biggest tax Dodgers in the country
on around 328 million dollars in income
they've paid about 18 million in tax
that means they paid around a five
percent tax rate when the corporate tax
rate is 30 and that's on a company worth
billions so you're telling me they
should have only been paying tax on 328
million over four years anyway my next
question would be
why are you so cool with corruption
why is it that when you're directly
talking about it in your articles you
won't acknowledge it how come when you
discuss it in the browse video which is
27 minutes of provable highlighted
corruption you gloss over all of it as
alleged corruption yet you really seem
to take issue with resorting to Childish
name-calling with exaggerated voiceovers
imitating an Italian accent seeming to
play on barrelaro's racial Heritage
Mamma Mia why is it the blue check clod
such as yourself continually mock
outrage over phrases people say and
never what people do especially if those
people employ you is it because you all
deep down know you're bored and sold and
so to deflect from that you attempt to
moralize on something anything which
inevitably results in arbitrary murky
subjective and can I just say at this
point very boring accusations of sexual
or racist or homophobia as you can't be
wrong on deliberately vague terms the
problem with that being you're actually
not saying anything either particularly
when you actually look at who this
gaggle of half with decide to label with
these smears and which people they don't
at which point you've got to ask do you
even care about this [__] we can easily
put it to the tears as you know who owns
the other 50 of the company you work for
Anthony cavallano that's right the party
boy himself rumors of coke and hookers
are bound all around his domain he also
nabbed the Juvia's title as the first
Australian CEO casualty of the metoo era
who by Fairfax
oh dear we are in trouble now aren't we
what are you gonna do Rob sit there and
claim that their article on him is bad
but their article or me is good to
paraphrase the article that you so
weakly defended what to do with a
problem like your boss after all you can
replace me with Anthony and you with
labor in virtually every sentence in the
second half of your article examples
include Ruby English would be wise to
distance himself from his employer
Anthony Catalano he would be wise to
steal to condemn some of the offensive
comments that Anthony Catalano was made
instead of just appearing in his
newspaper for a job and forgetting about
everything else otherwise it could be
only assumed that Rob silence his
attacking endorsement your words now I
think it's time for you to answer a
couple of your own questions judge Rob
English agree with his employer Anthony
Catalano having quote white parties
where quote the disabled toilet was
popular if so he shouldn't does Rob
English see nothing wrong with his
bosses womanizing work culture if so he
should just use Rob English should
condemn media commentators who
consistently say outrageous themes
friendly Jewish comes to mind so should
he do the same with his boss Anthony
Catalano your decision to seemingly
brush aside the darker aspects of your
employer is unprenchable so I guess my
final question is
what the [__] you gonna do Rob to quote
you one more time just because it's so
very fun I think you need to rethink
your relationship with your newspaper
otherwise people might start to suspect
that you're a moral and don't actually
care about anything except keeping your
job like this video And subscribe if you
think that Rob writing an article
denouncing his employer is the only way
you can possibly save face at this point
really looking forward to seeing your
answers to these questions mate
share and comment below comment
[Music]
this one's pretty cool still
as you know from the three dominant news
outlets in this country this just in
you're not dead therefore Scott Morrison
handled the covert crisis as perfectly
as he makes Currys which scrumptious
that's what you think isn't it all
because you don't have a spare month
like me to sift through the media
narrative without the distraction of
things like loved ones and Alive
you make me sick like this video If you
think I'm essentially that old man that
floats around the bottom of the oil
tanker in Water World keeping tabs on
the oil level And subscribe if you
accept that you're the bad guy with the
patch that's pissed off at the facts I'm
spouting and after this you're just
going to close the hatch on me until you
need more bad news from here aren't you
sort of
this model the worst they use is the
more I Prosper sorry now just stuck on
this analogy I am that old man that was
me during the bushfires
oh thank God
jordy's features presents Scoville a
tribute to quite literally the world's
ninth crappist leader ah yeah top 10 for
something roll the intro
we're going to start with the tale of
two Nations it shouldn't be we all know
New Zealand's just having a tantrum and
it even looks like they are
geographically
except we invented the Pea flavor
having said that for the first time in
my entire life I am glad New Zealand is
a new Western Australia and although I
maintain it would be very amusing as it
would probably have to call itself East
Western Australia I'll let it slide this
one time because they become a brilliant
point of comparison it's basically one
of those what happened to these two
twins separated at Birth stories they
play at like 1am or nine go both were
blessed with being island nations both
had months of warning both have very
similar systems of government both have
Leaders with exceptionally large teeth
although to give ardner Jews she really
looks like she should be in the big book
of British Smiles the big difference was
New Zealand's labor party was in power
when covert hit while here the Tories
were in power and let's be honest aren't
they in power except for some bizarre
reason in the 80s when everyone else's
toys were in power including China
proving hold on on changing the name New
Zealand will change our name to opposite
land first and then you change your name
to East West opposite land in the
meantime the fact that New Zealand's
Workers Party was in power while our
corporate party was in power it's just
another way of saying New Zealand had a
government that listened to experts
while Australia had a government that
listened to Clive Palmer open up wh
border my fingers are too chubby to
operate you who did better any Global
health expert will tell you indeed that
the key prevention in a pandemic is to
act fast Jacinda Arden acted fast
unfortunately for us we have a PM that
goes on vacation at the peak of every
crisis this nation's ever had and I'm
pretty sure there's a brand of Valium
with his face on it called slo-mos
stressed don't [__] yourself take a
slow-mo in fact his government was
warned about the spread of Corona three
weeks before patient zero landed in
Australia which in his defense he was
warned about the 2020 bushfires 12 years
before that here and still did nothing
so three weeks is the blink of an eye
for a man who's probably still in the
process of blinking his eyes right now I
feel like watching a season of Dragon
Ball Z
think about how much of a warning that
is how big is your beard if you don't
shave for three weeks particularly if
you're Indian if you were even remotely
competent as a leader don't you think
you would have stopped our masks shut
the borders at least Seance to Medieval
play doctor
have you tried frankincense yes well I'm
all out of ideas then bye-bye wait wait
you didn't tell me if God's angry bad
isn't calling on the spirit of doctors
before medicine was even a proper
science still a better strategy than
Scott Morrison's actual strategy which
was no that's happening in China not
China Town Christ almighty keep schools
open kids obviously need to learn more
geography not less by the time I'd hit
Australia we had no test kits no
Emergency Equipment no plan we just
winged a pandemic like it was an English
speech in year 10. bilbartel and adjunct
professor for infection and Immunity at
unsw stated so simply perfect summary of
the Morrison government not just during
the pandemic either in general this
should be engraved on Scott Morrison's
tomb heaven forbid here lies a man who
quote diligently did not do anything
useful also he beared an uncanny
resemblance to deal with conversely New
Zealand had a plan that's a good start
from the first case hitting New Zealand
to the country closing its borders two
weeks from the first case to Nationwide
lockdown a month
getting shoes from Amazon during the
pandemic took three that should have
been Labor's campaign slogan ladybug
also delivering of services in Amazon
stop sounding like Australians that are
melting meanwhile in Australia from the
first case heading to Shores till the
board is being shut two months I lived
in Malaysia it has got to be one of the
laziest countries on Earth it's pretty
much an entire nation of Scott Morrisons
they had a better response than we did
we are so lucky we're in Ireland because
under Scott Morrison we had a comparable
response time to the us all because of
wavering non-stop wavering always with
the stock standard liberal excuse of
Bank hanging business and consumer
certainty who do you instinctively think
generated more business and consumer
certainty New Zealand that said we're
going to shut the borders on this day
followed by a lockdown on this day and
did so or after months of and we're
taking this very seriously well we're
not we're not going to shut down the
borders definitely not going to shut
them down oh shut the borders down now
few days later oh [__] it's not enough
lock it down lock it down
per capita New Zealand had around seven
times less Gates than Australia in fact
when you exclude Europe because that
continent at the best of times is
basically a giant penis without a condom
Australia has the ninth highest amount
of deaths in the developed world and
that was at the peak of the initial
outbreak New Zealand at the least amount
of deaths that's what happens when you
have a plan this is what happens when
you have a plan to see the Sharkies yeah
if you look at the timeline of the
shutdown it really seems like he built
it around I bet the game that's [__]
sick I've got two disasters to manage
probably should have left that out as I
forgot that my key audience are Aussie's
in there probably thinking right now I'm
putting his chain above each country now
there's a man with his priorities strike
even I'm currently thinking what's your
problem with that but the way that I get
out of that Loop is that I look at it
this way he's a [__] fat cat he's
infuriatingly regimented psychology of
no I don't care that the character is on
fire it's the holidays knowing your dad
used to say we're going away don't call
unleash the house she's on fire more
reasonable than the Prime Minister of
Australia if he was doing that
Spider-Man speech he'd say now remember
Peter with great power comes no
responsibility especially after five
also before we get flooded with comments
of not gonna mention dictator Dan cry
laugh Emoji what a label a shield you
want to go through this stat no want to
be smogonally dislike will everyone else
you're just gonna have to press the like
button aren't you to cancel out those
awful awful people and subscribe as well
so that you may hear yet again man you
know who sucks Scott Morrison
also I want to sell you t-shirts for the
rest of my life language right available
at friendlyjollies.com now if you want
to argue the lockdown killed more people
than it saved because of those that lost
their job and I'm based on that off of
nothing they couldn't even go to their
Japanese suicide forest because the
airports were close
something those Nations that went into
Quick harsh lockdowns fare better than
those that didn't not just in deaths but
economically and if you really care
about jobs you wait until we get to the
federal government's figures you will
not change your mind because you think
you're right but three quarters that is
three in every four deaths 74 of all
covered related debts indisputable no
two ways about it Federal government's
fault 74 percent
that is a kill rate that most
professional Korean Gamers would kill
for fed leaves are in charge of nursing
homes and it turns out very surprising
for the libs but they did never plan to
help the most vulnerable members of
society out I.E the elderly but they did
have a plan to make it look like they
had a plan to help the elderly I think
it actually would have been less effort
if they just helped the elderly and if
anyone in the Australian Community
should be looked after by this
government it's the elderly Scott
Morrison owes his prime minister ship to
those whose favorite show is Australia's
Funniest Home Videos and Yeti told even
his own voter base that they can
literally go die for all he cares they
spend months trying to shift the blame
to the States but no there it is black
and white the title of the royal
commission's interim report set up to
probe into this massive government
failure one word truly extraordinary for
a royal Commission neglect dude this
thing is so good it's crazy it would be
less damning and what if the wood was
anus
anyway the Department of Health then
said fine plan b or should I say Plan G
is they released a mysterious seventh
edition of the updated National covid-19
aged care plan and what's so mysterious
about this seventh edition is that
editions one to six don't exist
says Jeff isn't funny they've turned it
into a sitcom electing the Liberals is
like putting George Costanza in charge
of the country look Greg Hunt Minister
for health and aged care it's George
Costanza at the Yankees check out the
back of Scott Morrison's head it's
George Gustav's boss in like season 15
because some of his hair is falling out
and Josh freidenberg Jerry's Seinfeld if
he was a borg everything always just
works out for me you can't get a more
concrete statement than seventh edition
of the updated National covid-19 aged
care plan that the libs value taking
your money to twiddle their thumbs over
your Nan's life and the lengths that
they went to prove that easily rival
that of your grandpappy's efforts to
defend this country and thus they
deserve their own day of Memorial right
after Anzac Day the shirking Anzac Day
hope you forget and with that let us
also forget about the covert deaths
because what really matters is the
economy that is after all what the real
will say is most important after of
course shots with sleeves rolled up but
if you want to look at numbers when
labor was in best economic managers on
Earth liberals 32nd I can't make it any
clearer than that labor up here liberals
down there
right was the Roger Federer of
stimuluses Morrison was the late in
heward I always hear as the can Rigby no
try to go to jail to the GFC right had
nothing to do with it he fluked being
number one you know just how Michael
Jordan fluked being number one it was a
stupid narrative invented in the
Australian four stupid Australians other
mineral-rich nations in Africa South
America North America which China also
bought resources from also avoided the
recession and oh wait actually oh and
actually I don't even need to do that
quote Charlie XCX
boom not mining boom just boom still by
the China narrative because this long
list of experts everyone from the IMF to
Nobel prize winning Economist to Trump
think Rudd stimulus was the best design
stimulus in the world but I'm sure you
know better skanky mangoes another
argument I was in the world but I'm sure
you know better skank
key mangoes another argument I hear from
similar avatars such as stanky Tangos is
that we're number one because all the
other countries weren't doing good but
now they're doing good so we're not
doing good what you're meeting Scott
Morrison sucks by saying that you stupid
that means Scott Morrison is so bad that
even when he was given a head start he
still lags you know why the other
countries are doing well now what's up
no
I'm at home
um I'm working kind of
um
I just want to talk to you
okay well I'm gonna see you soon anyways
okay
yeah
I'm gonna
yeah good point
um oh I got you accessed the uh gpt4 API
holy [__]
holy [__] boys it's happening oh [__]
I gotta X chat to gpc4
yeah nice
how easy is it right it's like so
[__] easy
yeah because I really really didn't want
to write
because I love women
changing
how are you doing yeah
like
they were born directly
knew about it we're like use the
technology but it's not
you know it's just I don't want to say
anything more I just want you to
understand what I'm trying okay
um I gotta I gotta help Alex or
something he's texting me uh uh call you
after
you sure I miss you I will kiss you uh
yes I will call you after
all right love you bye
um
ah I forgot to paste the code in guys
Discord is the only people that have
streamer mode
it really boils down just being creative
that's wild
um
[Music]
foreign
let's see if this works
um
this should just work
and let's comment this out
numb frames let's make it 30.
two
damn it
um
arm
see that just breaks everything
um
okay so
gangster gangster oh
gangster
see what these things look like what
these things look like
yeah hold on this is what I wanted to
run
L because they copied exactly what Rod
did they as the treasury secretary at
the time famously stated when hard went
early went houses Scott Morrison is
Kevin Rod show cheekily rephrased her
red half witches went black and went to
Hillsong that's why they're doing better
now because they basically have Kevin
Rudd except instead of being able to
speak Mandarin he can speak French want
to know that nitty-gritty of how we fill
31 places yeah so we'll infuriate you
but don't worry you'll forget about it
in like 10 minutes and the cosmic ballet
will go on we'll start with job keeper
and job senker four weeks labor in the
unions were saying you need to set up
income support for when you'll
inevitably have to lock the country down
otherwise the economy will tank and the
Liberals were saying no we will not look
at the UK style system because in an
Australian context that just wouldn't
work then as soon as business Lobby said
no actually the unions have it right we
are going to look at the UK style system
because in an Australian context it
would totally work they then got formal
labor Minister Greg Conway to design the
income support system because they're
not a government they're corporate
Consultants pretending to be a
government and so they went to the
corporations that owned them and said I
think we should uh hire an actual
government for this one great idea Scott
that's what I'm here for ideas that
engage parliamentary tales that hand out
at the gym look they're just giving them
away the leaves were handed the planet
because remember they're Consultants I
did just tell you that five seconds ago
but just to remind anything it ain't got
filtered through those same business
lobbies because for a second there it
looked like the Liberals were actually
going to do something in the public
interest for once but this highlights
the first major difference in governing
Styles between Kevin Wright and Scott
Morrison Kevin Rudd made a stimulus
package designed to get the economy
moving again Scott Morrison is a
if you want to keep the economy churning
during a crunch you need lots of money
pumped into it again this is the key
word quick
each second you weigh in a credit crunch
is another real estate agent using their
real estate license to light up a 40
gallon drone Andrew more of those yeah
proudly shelled by stickers no you throw
in some of your under contract stickers
I need some for Keepsake the best way of
accomplishing that bro for real though
this is like sick what a cool way to
code
write the whole script
mm-hmm
oh nice
cool
okay now what I want to do is
um
foreign
way
what
that is by doing exactly what Rod did
which is you pump out thousand dollar
stimulus checks to everyone in the
country you get on national television
and you say push in here shims go out
and buy a plasma yeah it's 2008 and the
word simp doesn't exist yet but that's
how Forward Thinking I am look at the
facial miles a little closer knock off
who's there surprise [__]
what's up
okay
whatever huh nothing
you have to work no
um before
wow
this thing is so smart it's just
ridiculous
tell me
something nice about
this is great
don't make it a function make it a
script no and don't oh my God
foreign
songs to our playlist you have to add
them when we get to the car
yes
I realized if you add
five more hours worth of songs will be
even
mostly
anyway I'm gonna watch my documentary
and take a nap
what documentary
uh
48 Hours documentary
I love watching just crime documentaries
this one I think is about the murder of
a woman's lover but that you know it
hasn't gotten some details
details okay love you bye-bye bye
love you love you too yes
can you just do it
stupid GPT I gotta switch my API over to
four that's what I that's what I'm doing
wrong four is obviously gonna be better
than three
are you making your content for your
YouTube
yeah so I had it generate a thumbnail
now I'm having to generate some like
cool visuals
um but basically it's just like a
totally different way to code like the
barrier to entry for coding is just so
low now because you just ask it things
and
right
not yet
I know
okay love you bye bye love you
guys why the [__] is it using ffmpeg
bruv you're not doing it right okay
um
foreign
oh that could be cool
let's try that
the [__]
video IO actually sucks working with
videos and
bruh
all right let's just do this
ah
foreign
let's see if we can switch to
let's see if we can switch to four uh
check my email
whoa
um
ooh let's try it
is it slower
um
nice bro nice yo
hey I'm a [__] Legend
oh my God
cool
I want to um
it's slower for sure
what's more helpful information I could
give it than just the undefined variable
error
I gotta do something at some point
we're gonna leave uh at seven [__] I
hate this
come on
oh it hallucinates like way more there's
no way this is a thing
um wait what
foreign
is this enough I mean I feel like that's
pretty explanatory
looking for somebody to poop
foreign
it does feel like it's doing more like
crazy things
foreign
that is not what I wanted
okay fine
um
boom
can y'all [__] please get
honest catch me again what was the
liberal's response well it needs that
classic fat man trombone music for how
slow it was
as the party did hates red tape they
created one of the largest and most
pointless layers of private public red
tape in Australian history they gave out
750 checks not to the employee the
to apply and we're at least a month away
and for most it was much longer you
might be asking wine I'm trying to get
to that so shut the [__] up that was the
government's response this was the
so-called independent Reserve Banks
response whose Governor is appointed by
made a move that was just too
coincidental when you zoom out and look
at the big picture and that was Major
Banks you know the same outfits the
Liberals flogged with wet lettuce after
the banking commission to punish them
for their sins of ripping off hundreds
of thousands of Australians and exposing
the wider economy to the same practices
that caused the global financial crisis
well scomo hard worker that he is the
last thing you think when you look at
him is bean bag after voting against the
banking commission 26 times he finally
saw the lot and for their sins the banks
were to endure the humiliating
punishment of printing as much money as
they like
never say painted liberals really
leading up to the reputation of being
tough on crime must have got the idea
from Hell lab's ironic punishment
division
so this is exactly what I wanted yay
well have all the money in the world
[Laughter]
I don't understand it the US economy
tanked in 15 minutes they allowed eight
percent of the GDP to be invented at a
thin air Presto Chango 90 billion exists
now that went to the big Banks who wink
were to help out struggling people with
their mortgages and business loans at
least that's the excuse they sold to
them well not public because no one
cares what the Reserve Bank does it's
not as interesting as holy moly close
second though this is what it looks like
inside the Reserve Bank
I forgot about that guy so that's what
happened to Joe hockey but if anyone
bothered to look into it which I think
was just Michael Weston maybe one guy
with glasses that they cut to on Q a
that never says anything just looks
pensive but the reality was that they
job keepered quantity of easy bailout
the banks quantitative easing
no strings attached
well couldn't have gone beautiful sponge
unless of course they included that
friend who's a rat in Yolo which was
filmed years ago so maybe he actually is
the head of ANZ now nice before we tie
this all up let's all appreciate just
how much the Liberals will do for their
true constituents the ASX 100. the
so-called party of small business
deliberately starved small businesses of
money and that was not man's order by
the way that was murder they obviously
new small businesses did not have the
savings to pay their staff to do nothing
for a month the business year companies
like Ernst young Westpac high-end
fashion stores like Lowe's by comparison
ahab's Fijian corner store is that
little model Ford Minister that they use
in Lord of the Rings it's Charming but
it wouldn't be much use unless the
invading Army was a bunch of quail
Vikings
look at this 10 instantly pause trading
it's looking like eight percent of small
businesses will be permanently killed
there's no way that that would naturally
be occurring they wanted those
businesses to go barely up honestly oh
yeah
[Music]
and small businesses died hey
drop cake just kicked what a coincidence
sorry we're a bit late
saved you a bit of money though with all
the people that should have been on job
keeping their own job Seeker am I right
you're going to police job keeper no
Michael West AKA High Brower current
affair has caught out 40 of the ASX 300
claiming job keeper I'm proud of that
call by the way Wesley I really think
that you should make your slogan Michael
West media classy a current affair you
could be carcar for sure whatever you
got to say for yourself Mr murvac no
response typical thanks to the Liberals
deliberate under policing of this
purposefully delayed cash flash some of
the most profitable companies in the
country who need a job keeper like slash
needs new guitars had the biggest
expense to a company which is labor
brought down to zero dollars thanks to
you the taxpayer during a crisis
who says the Liberals are tough on
welfare am I right because I personally
think they're not tough on welfare no
wonder the Press thinks I'm quote
controversial you combine that with the
fact they gave the banks permission to
Dole out large unbelievably cheap loans
which they obviously wanted to give out
to people they knew would be able to pay
it back so you know your neighbor Mr
Multiplex so if you're one of the
largest corporations in the country
who's just had their profits bolstered
thanks to the nation going into a
trillion dollars of debt so you can pay
your staff and you were given access to
unlimited cheap loans and your smaller
competition is lying on the ground like
a bunch of cockroaches doing that sad
little twitching legs in the air dance
thanks to Mr mauritine here
what do you do
you do all right
let's make some Puffs the Liberals used
the biggest health and economic crisis
in living memory as a trojan horse to
doll out nearly a trillion dollars that
we don't have to their donors just so
they could expand their already
impregnable market dominance even
further almost every metric we have of
measuring the economy during covert damn
except corporate profits they made sure
those were high higher than they were in
2018 when there was no crisis which you
know liberal voters would say well it
would have been worse under labor
okay starting to know how great
grandma's feel when they say
me look look stats labor took the
economy to the world-class Saint Ron's
Institute of Mercy we've got the best
doctors on Earth tending to its wounds
while the Liberals took it to hostel and
jammed their finger right in the wood
twisting it around here you like that
Australia Nat well twisties likes the
twisting tough twisties meanwhile labor
was asking the lips Vermont hey while
you're playing whack-a-mole which more
beef Nikki and what happens to the
people who have no income for what three
to four months get ready for this this
is insane ah don't worry Albert we'll
let them ransack their superannuation
yeah the real Canberra Raiders talk
about [__] Paul Keating is constantly
railing against liberals malicious
attacks against probably his most
important contribution to Australian
society and that's saying a lot because
he did come up with the nickname for
Peter Costello the talking knee but
superannuation what a beautiful concept
if it worked the way that he set it up
which was to take 12 to 15 of a worker's
income using the power of what Einstein
supposedly said the most powerful force
in the universe is compound interest and
the second most powerful force in the
universe is PewDiePie's G fuel the point
is Keating super could have solved what
will happen when Australia inevitably
falls off the population Cleveland
becomes a giant understaffed nursing
home which I think due to the liberal's
current neglect of nursing homes they're
just testing how far they can push old
people and still get their vote I reckon
it's infinite I reckon they could beg
nursing homes the seventh layer of ill
permanently chewed on by Robert Menzies
himself and Martha will still be saying
out the side of his mouth well it'll be
worse under labor ever since
superannuation was created the Liberals
have been doing it very crappy things to
undermine it but allowing people to take
20 grand out during covert just so they
could strangle small business
[Music]
foreign
people in the country because that's who
was taking their super out it certainly
wasn't hedge fund managers saying hmm
tough times indeed better mess around
with one of my best personal Investments
to put food on the table the poor paid
the Lion's Share of the first stimulus
32 billion from people super 30 billion
from the government which the poor are
also paying for through their taxes
which is the exact opposite of what
should happen during a crunch you should
be giving the poor money because they're
the ones that are going to see the
Harvey Norman ads with their thousand
dollar checks in hand new Lazy Boy
recline a seat only 999 dollars mate
we'd have change left over I did a very
rough estimate of how much that'll cost
this nation and I was assuming just to
be generous as Lord knows Scott Morrison
needs it it's very testy at the moment
he hasn't been on holiday in two months
let's say the average person withdrawing
20 grand was actually a lot older than
they would have been because I don't
have the exact fear so 30 to 35 the age
you convince yourself that the life you
were aiming for is the life you have you
know how much of that would cost this
country come retirement age
877 billion dollars crazy sales guns
another controversial statement from
quote controversial labor line comedian
coming at you fast but that's a lot of
money it actually means seeing as a lot
of the people withdrawing were in their
20s so the Liberals in all likelihood
have cost this nation's poor well over a
trillion dollars just so glencore can
write a letter to their shareholders
that says share line win up for three
months
how nasty can you get
stepmom is less nasty think about how
much money these kids cost the nation a
trillion from suvo probably trillions
more from not increasing super to the
percentage Keating had envisioned if it
was up to labor our minds would have
been nationalized meaning we would have
gotten all the wealth from the mining
boom so that's another trillion that was
siphoned off to foreign multinationals
thanks to the lips trillions more that
they're doing everything they can to
quash in Green Tech see roskano's
superpower and those are just a few
examples and we're already
conservatively up to poor trillion
dollars poorer this doesn't include the
hundreds of billions they squandering
indefensible middle class voter bribery
doled out like its suit for the homeless
please sure I want some more flaws flaws
you want floors all right but you can
only have two more the latest example is
home builder which is Class Act
Economist Emmett Dawson wrote about it
if you set out to design a physical
stimulus measure that would fail to meet
any objective economic criteria you
couldn't do much better than these they
did doing better by the way she gave
them too little credit Labor's
counteroffer was how about incredible on
something other than buying folk you're
crazy Albert no no hear me out let's use
your money you build public housing
that's right instead of home builder POV
home builder POV homes for POV
unlike home builder that did nothing to
stimulate the economy it was supposed to
generate 140 000 jobs ah the same amount
the Liberals destroyed by privatizing
tapes there you go there's something I
can guarantee you'll never be brought up
in public trivia at least Tony Berg
starts a night called burko's
catchphrase and even then due to his
love of Music it'd probably be mostly
questions about the soprano sax which I
have many including is it the sacks or
is it a hilarious looking clarinet and
is anyone except this one man in this
one sting video clip ever played one
home builder didn't even create 10 000
jobs because the tradies that applied
for it and they were all he did after a
month
so I'm guessing a lot of them were just
staffers for Scott Morrison who else
knew about it me that's it I was keeping
an eye on it thinking
five for this if I could but I can't so
Labor's plan would have caused a
construction boo it did it was the same
plan from the GFC all it is slower going
to repairs and New home builds of places
the tradies don't own well maybe we all
go to public homes don't we one day I'm
gonna walk into one and drink their flat
Coke right out of the fridge
collecting my dividends
good investment
it had a proven track accumulating the
economy and if we learn anything from
housos it also would have produced
hilarious results I'm pretty sure Jabba
actually needs Housing Commission these
days and I don't want to him out on the
streets that guy was on channel V that
should have been Labor's slogan to sell
their policy jabber needs a Hut anyway
now that we've addressed the Liberals as
per usual bending over not just
themselves backwards the nation in order
to assist Banks property developers and
the Business Council
Business Council who says the Liberals
don't like unions that's all their donor
bases covered isn't it
I don't think I am good night everyone
sign up to patreon
please share and oh back with a
vengeance boys like the video and press
the notification Bell if you were duped
you thought I forgot about the fossil
fuel industry didn't you well I didn't
so you're just gonna have to sit around
and not get Charlie's charcoal chicken
for a couple of minutes longer all right
actually the fact that Charlie's
charcoal chicken has the word colon it
reminded me of the fossil fuel industry
good on you Charlie I deserve respect
for slightly more reasons they're merely
the fact that I'm a chicken that owns a
Tartan the Liberals how surprising is
this for the worst performers on climate
change in the developed World wanted a
gas lead recovery
that's what they pitch handling that
game is claim he is the real bottom of
the barrel you could not if you tried
design a worse recovery program than a
gas-led recovery emu Farms time zone
shares government-funded Acorn tour I'm
telling you now an acorn lead recovery
in fact scratch that a Chumbawamba lead
recovery would have been better they at
least understand the basic economics of
play that if you get knocked down you're
supposed to get back up again you put a
million dollars into basically any
industry on average you're going to
create 3.4 jobs put a million into gas
chop the three clean off 0.4 jobs this
is how much better renewals are 10 times
as many jobs according to ACF a green
LED recovery would have created a
million jobs a million to put that in
perspective that is like one Street in
Beijing all with jobs as a result labor
in the GFC made Australia one of the top
10 best places to invest in Renewables
in the world Renewables are better for
the economy overall as once they're
installed they permanently bring down
Energy prices by as much as 70 as to
quote this package just does not get
enough alone
to say it's at version one is like total
bug look I just think he's all Big T
Series all right how you doing fellow
kids one day I'm going to do an entire
stand-up show about how much Australia
stands as a profit from becoming a green
economy but how Hollywood exec is this
short answer trillions as opposed to
what we stand again from The Gaslight
recovery which is nothing gas is
extracted by Massive multinational
companies they're some of the biggest
tax evaders there are and the Liberals
allowed them to start selling all the
gas in the eastern states
internationally which quadrupled the
price here which is infinitely more
expensive than something which is
produced for free because it's PewDiePie
clearly points out that game is
available for free and that's a great
price I'm sorry it's just too much
whisper with his ads It's the dad
itching of our times the Shilling of
whatever that game is called I'm bidding
my entire life though that it's just
data mining for the Swedish monarchy
then again Scott Morrison also but this
is nice and he also said something very
profound which is that whoever's in
charge for the next five years will
determine the direction of Australia for
a generation yeah
in other words if he wins the next
election and is able to force
Australia's energy transition from coal
to gas instead of cold Renewables that
infrastructure will be locked in for a
generation hundreds of billions of
dollars spent on the worst economic
decision you could possibly make which
will have ongoing Ricochet damage as it
deprives Australia of hundreds of
billions of dollars in growth that a
renewable lead recovery would have
producer I don't know about you but I'm
starting to think that the covert
recovery commission Morrison set up and
filled with gas execs who then turned
around and said he wants my advice I
think you should go with gas might have
had intentions in recommending gas that
weren't exactly pure he started to see
the pattern labor created a stimulus
that worked for the country the liberal
was created
call him promo after all he was a
marketer which took his day I find to be
the most disturbing fact about a prime
minister apart from maybe the thought
that Harold hold is probably in North
Korea as we speak currently asking but
on Mr Graham Kennedy show tonight again
did webm is so sick man
what you don't know what I know if Scott
Morrison wasn't such a brilliant Market
a job keeper would have been called
market share booster home builder
housing bubble inflator handing like 90
billion over to Banks
shut the [__] up and a gas-led recovery
would have been called the gas lid
recovery
and we dropped the ball on that one
anyway that is why this number is dude
how did Bing steal it he's all the way
down here labor was in charge of
handling a crisis Australia was ranked
eighth maybe Ninth at worst at job
creation in the world you know where
we're ranked under Mr Smee from Peter
Pan 92nd the most amount of jobs over
any nine-month period that was shared
during the GFC 23 250. most kids in year
10 have more followers on Tick Tock than
people who lost their job during the GFC
thanks to Kevin Rudd in fact I bet
there's more people than 23 250 right
now who are being hit over the head with
a coconut and I'm gonna do my bit right
now down to the number
oh
look at the cartoons
well I think that this is a more than
accurate time to Shield patreon so I'd
have to patreon today with friendly
geordies for more hilarious bits like
the coconut [__] over the hit your money
Keeps Us in business
um
um it was just there and if you don't
sign up to patreon we won't have money
for coconuts that teeny job loss blip
was corrected just two months later
under labor but you can bet your vagina
there isn't going to be a correction
under the lips
Chuck the word vagina in there so
everyone's ears picked up what about
vaginas nothing keep paying attention to
something even more interesting
historical employment figures measures
under the Liberals we did not see 23 250
job shared over a nine month period we
did not see fifty thousand or a hundred
thousand or even 200 000 we saw cost you
400 000 jobs lost 23 000 versus 400 000.
just as bad as each other am I right now
Tara cash wearers will rightfully point
out well Cambridge had a bigger impact
on the global economy than the GFC and
we were doing better because of all the
other countries that were doing worse
look at the numbers they don't lie other
countries are performing better than
they did in the GFC because this time
they use Papa Rudd's old style secret
stimulus Source while we use Uncle
Chicago's original stimulus was about
4.69 of the GDP while Scott being the
human equivalent of Home brand went ugh
I don't have the recipe on me I'll give
you the recipe for God no no I don't
need it from here that's fine I'll just
improvise add one percent of the GDP
that'll do sure did negative growth of
6.3 annually the worst figures on record
because recession is a dish best served
oh during the GFC those other countries
weren't using broad stimulus plan is how
could they they didn't have insights
into Kevin Brad's mind as Rove lives
Kevin Rudd PM didn't ear in Luxembourg
during covid I had the recipe
look at those numbers New Zealand
suffered a disastrous setback in June of
12.2 percent negative GDP growth it then
bounced back in September with positive
14 Ireland went back was 3.2 in June
recovered with a thumping 11.1 growth in
September Australia worst numbers of any
recession that Australia's ever endured
since records of recessions began not
that we weren't in a recession before by
the way Australia's been in a per capita
recession since 2018 when economic
conditions were perfect and the only
other countries were spending a fortune
Jamaica and Trinidad Tobago so come on
party of strong economic management
they're literally as good as Stoners out
of all of the shenanigans of the
Liberals get up to the myth that their
better economic managers is the one that
makes me understand how Wren felt when
Stimpy messed with his collection of
deadly viruses which does make me
question my social skills as it took
that for me to say ring angry such an
entrenched century long lie that only
exists because of the complacency of the
completely corrupt press that inflames
it at every opportunity they can to Tar
factually the best economic managers on
Earth while how criminal is this
pretending that the best economic
managers are a party that is down there
with not even banana republics dreadlock
republics debt not that it matters this
is another lie the Press keeps stoking
into Public's Consciousness like it's
the verbal equivalent of lead poisoning
but one more time it doesn't matter if
you have debt what matters is what you
spend the debt on and ride spend it on
Green Technology that has led to
Australia being run by 50 Renewables no
matter what the liberals do to sabotage
it again oh that's cool in power for
those five years to find the generation
because they spend it on public housing
the biggest infrastructure spent since
World War II that has single-handedly
kept using growth despite the appalling
economic management of the Liberals and
just a minor footnote just for those
playing at home they also completely
avoided the global financial crisis cost
11.8 percent of the GDP that's hundreds
of thousands of people kept in work
another decade of uninterrupted growth
bargain anyone who says that that was
because of Howard you really should see
my stand-up shop available at
friendlyjordies.com it's just this but
less relevant because I'm bitching about
things that happen to the noise so
purchase it today the show that should
have been called friendly geordies
presents nostalgic whining
oh [__] I lost my place
I think he was at the end
all right [__] let's see what's
up with this [__] almost done nice
you know I never saw the downside of
being canceled all that ever meant to me
was a bunch of self-hating loners I
thought it was a 270.
again
exact same threat as a six-year-old I
never
love it however will I sleep at night
with the knowledge that some chick with
a mullet because mullets weren't enough
when guys had to be the 80s he said
watch it big as you can see being
canceled is like spraying salt and all
the leeches in your life as they curdle
away pathetically gargling yeah
okay so now what I want to do is I want
to create an effect where I take I do
the same thing as
I closed it
this isn't going up right
come on
skip back to where we started
nice
what is the output yeah
that's goofy as [__] with the random
walk
but I like it it's not smooth enough
it's jumping too fast
I need to jump like with the frame rate
did I really make the uh
uh blog whatever
okay now we want to do this masking
thing
okay and then where was the webm thing
it's kind of cool actually
foreign
gamma V Instagram with their barriers to
public profiles Abby Chatfield clever
tied for hello world this chat GPT scam
wants to hack you three US government
agencies have been hacked in the last
two weeks and my signal could be banned
in the UK that's all coming up
is the fastest growing consuming
application in history in just two
months but with the service insane
levels of demand and there is an
introduction of the production
Duty services
for this goes beyond suspicious even for
scam just seems strange 350 also
Democrats they say before that
diabolical sales [__] that doesn't make
any sense GPT Jacks tool is immersion
science in general advice.com
foreign
I mean they're not hilarious but like
ooh Luxor let's see
um
that didn't look great
hmm
okay well let's then do mask again with
and then what was the
web um
[Music]
foreign
still so um
but I feel like that's not
like
um
foreign
that was fast before so that's kind of
lame
but it's gonna be worth it
well they're still doing stuff
is
the hotel
[Music]
they're very DJs
actually lame that I never uh
this in resize thing is gonna be
[__]
all right let's see what this guy said
3.5 into
abilities of qpt4 see these videos dude
everyone's doing these type of videos I
don't
dude nobody knows
oh this guy actually works
bro can we get this over with
all right that was uh that was bad
wait
oh
presumably we're gonna get a nice like
um
yeah dude that's looking crisp actually
that's sick
nice
nice look at how crisp that looks
okay all right
I think I'm gonna do another animation
of uh
where am I writing these two
I mean this looks pretty good I just
need to fix this stupid random walk
nonsense
bro viewership is [__] right now
but some like trippy
hmm
that's cool
I think it's gonna like switch
that's gonna be lame yeah whatever
can you do
it's like a fly buzzing around it's so
annoying
look at how smooth it is then it just
[__]
yeah
oh well
FFM bag is just beautiful
um
um okay
now I want to
write a new script
that takes in a video
um
so what am I imagining I'm imagining
that like you chop up
create
n pixel slices
start with a hundred
and pixel vertical
and
start to
rotate them or rotate's not a good word
shift if them up
and down
by and okay
in
increasing amount each
all right let me read this thing that I
actually have to do because otherwise
I'm just gonna [__]
stress about it
okay
fine and I'll do the other thing on
Sunday [__] it
foreign
yeah Mark definitely found that
yeah he sent me actually schizophrenic
message
whatever
foreign
that's a pretty good oh sorry sorry guys
sorry hey sorry
didn't know what it wasn't
come on we made this
which this stupid random walk thing I'm
not waiting around for that [__] anymore
Loop translate let's see what happens
okay uh loop
um
uh we're gonna do radio
nice okay
bro
um
okay
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
oh
cool
uh blue
and um
three
okay oh yeah let's do that and
my favorite flag
where's Loop dot MP4 here
okay
great now we want to edit the script
and
Loop Translate
uh vertical seg uh
100 pixel
vertical segments
of the initial image
but at different
rates
the
vertical segments
for this
from this
Center should
move the fastest
the thing
that's good
I need to keep watching my usage because
I imagine that
boom
which is expensive
what
all right
of car companies that are doing a pretty
good job of electrifying their lineups
BMWs had their I3 of course for a while
I ate their hybrid's been around but now
the I4 the i7 and this is the IX their
crossover SUV
its biggest sin is just being ugly I
promise that's the worst thing about
this car uh it is expensive too it's 85
000 so that's where you start to get
into the luxury price range and you
really start to think about what exactly
am I paying for here but as far as
fundamentals oh wow there's a lot of
angles of this that look
not amazing but
the fixated person's investigation unit
will focus on the detection intervention
and prevention of loan actor and fixated
person threats across the shade the unit
will proactively identify people who may
be vulnerable to Rapid radicalization or
commit grievance fuel to tax and disrupt
their ability to engage in violence
that's the charter the one of the most
secretive state-based police units in
Australia the New South Wales police
fixated person's Investigation Unit so
secretive in fact that the only reason
we have the charter is because New South
Wales Parliament voted unanimously to
release all documents pertaining to the
botched arrests and prosecution of my
producer Christo and the targeting of me
and the operation of friendly geordies
by the union if you need a refresher of
what's gone down so far he is a playlist
we have those documents now and once you
get over the absurdity of the fact that
a terror intelligence unit was assessing
how dangerous the content on this
channel was yes that's something that is
in those documents
together a timeline that demonstrates
not just the maliciousness and
politicization of the unit in targeting
friendly geordies but the existential
crisis that you'd have must have been in
to bring it as the charter clearly
states the fixated persons unit is there
to stop violence it is senior police
have stated and internal police
assessments are clearly concluded
friendly geordies has never posed a
threat of violence so why did the terror
police stray beyond the confines of
their Charter and spend most likely
millions of taxpayer dollars setting up
a dedicated Strike Force to go after me
yes that's another thing those documents
reveal a strike force to go after a
YouTube channel Strikeforce yajin that's
a question no one seems to be able to
answer not the ex-police commissioner
not the current Police Commissioner not
even the ex-police minister not even the
ex-deputy premier which is strange
because if there was nothing untoward
about it you'd think someone would be
more than happy to take the credit for
this police operation as usually
politicians and cops are scrambling over
one another to get to the podium first
to announce that they got an arrest the
documents released by Parliament don't
completely reveal the Genesis of Strike
Force y Arjun but they do give us a lot
of Clues this video is an attempt to
take you along with us while we examine
those lose and I would have gotten away
with it too if it weren't for you
meddling standing order 52 parliamentary
call for papers
so let's begin we have emails that
reveal indeed September of 2020 a day or
two after the Bros video was put out
that the deputy Premiere let's have it
also make some music conduct a bug sweep
of his holiday house
is an email from the Department of
Premier and cabinet security unit to New
South Wales police there's going to be a
lot of reading in this video not many
written jokes because the documents are
the jokes they write themselves what do
you expect from a comedian anyway huh
you're at all these material welcome to
Showbiz baby
separately the deputy premier's office
is seeking advice on completing a tscm
technical surveillance countermeasure
sweep of the property where the video
was filmed this isn't the primary
residence the satirical nature we're
going to just see how much creative [__]
we can do with chat GPT
um I don't know why I hadn't done this
before we're just going to do the video
has been broadcast they also suggest
that the individual isn't required to
carry out these type of activities I
haven't seen a floor plan but would
suggest a tscm sweep would be in the
vicinity of 10 to 12 K so barrelaro's
office one of the taxpayer to Fork out
10 to 12 000 for a bug sweep of the
Deputy premier's Airbnb sizes
to stay in that house put aside this
kind of similar level of entitlement
there if you're worried about your
Airbnb being as the deputy Premier
probably not going to be a comedian but
you probably shouldn't have a side
hustle Anthony
around the same time seemingly the
Department's request the police
terrorism intelligence completed an
assessment of friendly geordies what a
bizarre sentence anyway they sent in an
email with the following the actions of
Mr Shanks are lacking in maliciousness
and he'll intend at this time with
nothing to suggest the activities of
Shanks were done for anything beyond
journalistic reasons at this time not
unlike the chase or a Paparazzi
photographers who often operate just
within the confines of the law I'm
unable to advise you on the necessity of
conducting well why doesn't this work
however in my opinion unless it was a
primary residence that was letted out on
this one occasion it is difficult to see
the need given it is an Airbnb open to
the public to book and Stave there are
currently no adverse Holdings across New
South Wales police systems indicating
any actual or perceived threat posed by
shakes 2 barrelaro at this time so there
you have emails from beijing's office in
the New South Wales police terrorism
intelligence unit they're pretty
sensible what you'd expect from half
functional public servants I guess
saying no a comedian paying you
thousands to stay at your house and feel
big illegal is not enough of a threat to
Warrant a CIA bug Suite
maybe if Alexander down and stayed at
your house it would be worth doing
so how do you go from that
to a strive Force we really don't know
it seems the police are deliberately
omitting certain documents but what we
do know is that as soon as the fixated
person's unit get involved they do as
much as they possibly can to punish
friendly geordies how do they get
involved well do you remember how
ex-police commissioner Mick Fuller
claimed he was only briefed about the
investigation after the unit took action
commissioner where did you become were
you briefed by the unit before they took
that action no no look I was given a
high level briefing verbal briefing in
the last few weeks I didn't even know
who friendly Geordie were that's kind of
strange as I have a rather short chain
of emails beginning with an email from
detective superintendent Michael McLean
commander of Yankee terrorism
intelligence group an email is addressed
to assist in Commissioners assistant
commissioner Gavin wood detective Chief
Inspector Peter foe all of who co-owned
race horses with commission of Fuller
exposed by an ABC investigation the not
the only ones who received the email
so was the second in command the deputy
police commissioner at the time being
willing detective inspector David
alvadawi detective Chief Inspector Adam
Barwick inspector Jeremy Wu detective
senior Sergeant Mary crumlin inspector
Craig wonders and Mick Fuller's own
Chief of Staff Jason Weinstein so
essentially everyone remotely senior in
the New South Wales police apart from
the Deputy Commissioner Dave Hudson and
now Commissioner Karen Webb who in all
honesty don't seem to be a part of the
Fuller clear the email is sent on the
2nd of December the day after I called
barrelaro and asked about allegations
surrounding extramarital Affairs it
reads as follows good afternoon see you
Chad's briefing node and respect to the
matter involving Jordan Shanks
contacting the deputy Premier whom they
met with earlier today as previously
outlined we have investigated a matter
involving Joe Hildebrand and he has
declined to pursue any action at this
point we have received no other
referrals for investigation although
detective Sergeant the queen outlines
the there is content online involving
other journalists we have not
intrusively looked at this aspect at
this point in time I have instructed the
fpiu that we will not be taking any
action to arrest Shanks for offenses
against the deputy Premier without
obtaining advice as to sufficiency of
evidence the investigation is ongoing
and I'll update further as appropriate
any questions or points of clarification
please let me know regards Michael
McLean commissioner Fuller's chief of
staff and the head of Strike Force
Raptor you know the strike force meant
to disrupt the worst organized crime in
the country response to Mclean with Mig
are we considering an Avo application
surely the attending of his rental know
his electorate
and the phone calls are sufficient
grounds for an Ado whilst you explore
the criminal charges Side Jason
Weinstein whoa explore the criminal
charges side you know that comedian
who's making fun of our mate why don't
we just explore some criminal charges
not too sure if there actually are any
times but hey I mean is that stopped Us
New South Wales police acting like some
Eastern suburbs mum having a mid-life
crisis and just exploring options are
they keep in mind this is from Nick
Fuller's Chief of Staff cc into
Commission of just below Mick Fuller but
apparently according to his testimony
given on Earth
Fuller was number wiser Michael McLean
responds with Jaime we are looking to do
some surveillance on him to see if we
can pick anything up perhaps stalking I
think pushing ahead with a pvo at this
time May create unnecessary noise and an
accelerated platform for Shanks given
his manner of operation should things
escalate and there is a genuine fear or
threat of violence we will certainly
take that route I will keep you updated
on the investigation mm Jason responds
with copy Matt uh how comforting and
where to begin first off Mick Fuller's
chief of staff was being personally
updated on an investigation into me but
Nick Fuller had no clue but more
importantly surveillance I wonder if
this is when the strike force was set up
barolara got a phone call from me and
the police's response is to get the
counter-terrorism team to stalk me in a
bizarre attempt to prove that I'm a
stalker
what did you find apart from the cause
of police surveillance and the fact that
authorities treating like Tony Soprano I
could be pretty plain life I make videos
and I ride all day and in my free time I
look at my fish tanks well she seems to
be visiting the aquarium a lot maybe we
could explore charging him with animal
cruelty goldfish out stupid when I look
in their eyes Through the Glass Prison I
see myself begging to be freed
also I'm stupid and eat donuts this is
the modus operandi of the fixated
persons unit they have a Target they
pursue that Target no matter whether
they're a criminal or not the documents
released really demonstrate that fact or
at the very least the complete waste of
police resources the unit is as also
released by the parliament of the draft
business rules for the unit according to
them the fpiu is comprised of 19 staff
17 police two civilian police employees
okay but another dog Parliament release
seems to list everyone stationed in the
unit and that adds up to be over 30.
anyway just for this analysis let's just
pretend that they're a give or take 20
cops employees of the fixated persons
unit
from 2017 to October of 2021 the unit
investigated 216 individuals 50 of whom
were allegedly fixated with a politician
or public office holder the unit charged
89 of the 216 with only 47 receiving
criminal conviction
in around five years 19 cops got 47
convictions averaging around 0.5 of a
conviction a cop a year that's a cop
that works at the fixated persons unit
at
yo what the [__] is up I'm gonna show my
friend how to profile dude what's going
on man
it's good
Senor before
all right I'm gonna be showing I I gotta
uh turn it off for a sec so I can um
do some discordy things remember show my
friend had a profile code
um
on uh in Julia I don't know if you could
but uh down to have you hop in
let's um
bench dot jail thing Benchmark tool
okay
I gotta check my text real quick
all right he's taking a [__] let me show
you some cool [__] in the meantime for
what I've been up to
so one thing that we um that we did
oh let's play this music let's see if
this thing works
um
let me turn I did okay cool
clip install fluid synth
what the [__] is this thing
doesn't have anything in it
it's a little malicious to be quite
honest
um oh let me
let me do this and re-enable streamer
mode
Discord needs to have like a command
palette type of thing
command palette is the single greatest
invention
okay
let's pop back on here
foreign
there's so much stuff here we need to
clean it up
and we can do something for my line
let me just delete the gif
why isn't it with sound
foreign
yo what's up
for some reason I can't hear you
this might be on me
no I don't know
I can also just call you on like
messenger
it's kind of crazy to discourage this
[__]
yo
remember now all right yeah uh let me
just share my screen I'm sure you've
seen this oh by the way I am streaming
but it's whatever
Okay so
um
so I just looked up what happened
yesterday
dude I uh I got back from a run I just
fell asleep
um that's all right hold on let me let
me go in a cop trim so I don't have to
show you yeah
yeah I thought you I thought you died
and then I was on GitHub and I saw that
you had starred some repos this morning
so I was like all right
that's hilarious yeah
I'd assume you just
you just want in the morning either so I
was like damn hopefully you're alive
yeah yeah I know I just needed a rest
um
okay yeah so
there's two main things let's also do
this
perfume Alex I hope that I might here
I'll turn off my camera just so that my
strip my uh screen share bandwidth is a
little bit better
um so I looked up this page which I'll
I'll link you
um it's just the guide of how to get
these flame graphs but basically so we
have this test function here profile
test and it does this thing in a loop
where it creates this random Matrix
takes the maximum it's just an arbitrary
function the point is really just to uh
Benchmark stuff but you if I evaluate
this function and then I I use this
macro at Pro for you and then the
invocation I'll get this thing
uh and you can click on it and you can
see basically what you're looking at is
like a waterfall view of which functions
took how much time
so you can see in here like uh map
slices took the most time for n equals
one but like if we were to prove you 10
base oh one other thing is basically
though the way that this works you have
you have to scroll down and find the
part where it says a vowel because this
is really everything below a vowel is
the real stuff above it is just the um
basically it showing the flame graph of
itself
right it's this macro expansion which is
it doing the macro expansion of proview
um
so you can see here that Rand took some
time map slices took some time but maybe
it would be good if you shared your
screen and showed what
your case yeah I'll show you what I'm
trying to do
um
how do I share my screen on this there's
a one at the bottom it's like the second
one from the left
nice can you see this yeah
yep so basically
um
so I'm once again
trying to implement the stuff in Julia
yeah nice and
I uh so for this I'm just taking
the example from their website where
they have a they're solving the 2D
breast later yeah
um so I'll just I I modified it a bit
because uh this takes a matrix input but
to use certain sensitivity stuff you
need to take it back your input sorry oh
okay yeah
um but it it just it it doesn't allocate
stuff so yeah yeah
um and then
uh blah blah you do all that so when you
solve this pde
it takes
a lot of things here but it takes 300
milliseconds I can show you I think it's
this one
um I'll just do at
10 so it doesn't take a while yeah
right okay
so it's like
in this case it's like 400 but on
average it's like 300 okay
and then I Define the ode4 sensitivity
problem
and there's three parameters so this
should take about like three times
um this because it takes three forward
solves and then a little bit of extra
yeah
yeah so it basically does it in one
chord solve but it it it makes the
system four times bigger
I see
oh okay uh-huh
but that is but that's to make it faster
than doing four separate solves because
and because when you do that you don't
have to rebuild the jacobians basically
oh I see all right
from my understanding yeah yeah you're
probably right uh
but this take but I mean I won't run it
out because it takes like two minutes
takes two minutes
yeah uh well you probably should run it
now I mean I'm down to wait for that um
do with app pro for you at the beginning
uh so like
um
uh okay so
just redefine this
and then you want to do at proof
and I think you might include you I
think you might have to delete the salt
equals just because it handles simpler
Expressions yeah
as is this
yeah I mean I'm done away um
let's see what will fail
interesting
because
I so apparently I don't know why but
apparently this function isn't
compatible with auto diff
but I don't see anything in this that
wouldn't be compatible with autodif
y
it shouldn't even matter because I give
it I give it the analytical Jacobian
through
like so I I get Jacobian symbolically
and I build a function for it and then
I'm providing it into this thing right
here
yeah I mean or wait wait hold on
um
yeah Jackie goes straight yeah yeah
so one doesn't make sense because I
don't see why it's not compatible with
auto diff and two it doesn't make sense
because I give it the analytical oh do
you have live shirt could could we open
up a live share I just want to copy and
paste some of these things
I'm guessing that it's um
sensitivity problem is in uh what
package
uh
signal sensitivity yeah that would make
sense okay
okay I mean my guess is that it's like
just a missing check for that failure
there
kind of access to your uh your repo
uh yeah
all right I think yeah so I just want to
say that which
yeah
um
okay
we need to find where it throws that air
can Let's uh let's try to that again
let's try this thing oh [__] I gotta
control enter I think
no it sends it to mine let me just copy
and paste it real quick
it's solvers of call
because if we do prob dot quarks
we don't oh interesting oh wait hold on
dude that's that's how you see the the
keyboards I didn't know that
um
I mean wait do you uh I wanna try uh oh
this should have okay so in here we have
Jack and it's a jack function so that's
good why doesn't the Jack go through to
the here because you because there's no
uh there's no Jack option for this oh
really
yeah if you run it it will give you a
warning I've done that before see that's
what I thought the issue was dude that's
why I wanted to profile it because I
wanted to like see but I guess you could
do it this way I didn't even know you
could do that
that's weird okay
uh let's I asked about this too a while
ago in the Julia slack and I think and
someone was like oh yeah it does use a
decoding yeah I mean I don't think it
does dude yeah I mean yeah typically
people kind of brush them off uh
um
hold on let me look at the stack Trace
again I just want to see
I think it's the same with the adjoint
stuff too because the address that's
also very slow
yeah that's very possible okay so
it's airing in the non-linear solve
part of this
let me just do this too
you're not doing this in a project oh
geez
this is this is what scientists do they
just keep them all Global okay I was
actually gonna do it in a project and I
I was looking at how you said how you
set up free to pee yeah to do it like
this but because because
you said it's not most people don't oh
no that you were talking about something
else never mind yeah I should have I
should put this down in a project
I mean I mean the one nice thing about
doing it globally is that you don't have
to do a repeated compilation thing but
um
wow something is really [__] up about
timeout sensitivity right now actually
because the last tag was
7 19 and you're on
sorry never mind
um
gosh debugging this is really annoying
one tool that you may I don't know if
you've seen debugger.jail or Cthulhu but
this allows you to descend the call Tree
in a pretty exact way and like follow
along
I highly recommend that but yeah it's
okay
um
I mean it is
calculating the Jacobian you can see
this here
all right I can't see right here um
did we disconnect can you I'm trying to
focus you but you're not popping up
yeah it's not taking me here now I see
you're scrolling okay okay I see you I
see your purple thing yeah do you see
this all right calc J and I only see oh
I don't see that for some reason it
doesn't when I do at edit
um
hey what file are you in uh oh oh this
is weird oh that's crazy so I'm actually
looking at a file on my computer so I
when I looked at the call tree somehow
somehow it like evaluated on my computer
I don't even know how I did that anyways
it looked for ordinary diffique on my
computer and I found it
uh but you see the stack Trace right
no
okay well uh get the stack Chase
Yourself by calling solve
like that's all command just uh
this one
all right so if you see
um
solve up solve called perform step and
then as a transfer performance step in
the non-linear solver it fails
with some Ford diff [__]
yeah because because
so basically so it doesn't get the
Jacobian so it's trying to calculate
Jacobian with poor diff but apparently
this function isn't compatible with Ford
diff I don't know why
that's really annoying uh yeah I've
no it's a reshaping thing or something
a what a reshape
wait why is why isn't you so you're
saying you can't give a matrix to this
Constructor ordinary forward sensitivity
Pro
no you can't
seems wrong
what happened
uh here I can show you
let me just uh
let me get rid of this command and get
rid of this command I know
really don't move and get rid of this
command and I'll run this
and I'll run this this
around this
I don't want to run that I'll run this
and this
and then
this
is
this this this
oh [__]
it just happens
damn and you know the most annoying
thing about using vs code is that it
kills the terminal so you can't see the
stack Trace I'm sorry oh dude I think I
know what happened [__] what oh it's
fine I I [__] something up and then
Julius emboss sucks and it just crashes
when it doesn't work yeah I messed
something up with the dimensions
uh yeah I do it again
yeah symbolics is really uh
I'm just gonna get rid of this this
is
just get rid of
this thing
and
this
okay now I want to change this to
all right now you'll be able to see the
error
I mean
I know it's like annoying but
I I uh I always submit lots of issues so
like when you run into these things like
like even just the like VEC thing like I
because issues are pretty persistent I
would just be like oh why is this the
case that
because it's a weird inconsistency like
you're normally allowed to just provide
Matrix initial conditions
yeah so you think I should just submit
these two things as issues basically uh
yeah definitely
all right all right let me just show you
but yeah I do want to see
and what's great is that I can clip the
stream and add this to the commentary of
like here's the demonstration of it just
like being wild yeah
I I forgot the versions I want to check
the versions again make sure that
symbolics is at the latest because they
just did a breaking change so I imagine
it might not be
I won't do that
uh let me just do
at
time
together
I'm pretty sure save every step is
already defaulted to false
I don't think I think it's default is
true
oh
yeah yeah okay
oh yeah yeah
it might crash when I do this
yeah okay that's where it errors
because this Dimension mismatch
wait hold on
hold on basically I think it's
a sensitivity State I think it is
defining it's a vector and it's trying
to concatenate it with so this the
initial condition for the sensitivity
equations it probably defines the vector
and it's trying to concatenate it with
the Matrix yep you're not yeah
to look good this is fine I mean you can
just add these reshape commands and it
doesn't affect anything well yeah I just
wanted to see if that has anything to do
if the reshape had anything to do with
the uh
for a diff
um
yeah I'm not sure about that before
I don't I don't think it should because
reshape basically just changed how it's
indexed it doesn't change yeah the data
I mean we could we could come up with a
minimum working except for that pretty
quickly
uh
just be like
f a
uh
let me shape a
make it 404 yeah let's return some would
be
the end and let's say a equals
yep okay
f
so forward
if Dot
you'll need to add four diff because
you're not in your environment
why is it
towards of that gradient yeah
f f comma a photo we want
I think so yeah
okay yeah but I've kind of sidetracked
the uh
let's see
how does what is the I haven't messed
with a lot of this in a minute in a
minute what is the interplay between
modeling toolkit and four diff senses or
uh CML sensitivity
oh yeah I think they're completely
like you can use any cyano sensitivity
stuff when you're solving well all I was
gonna say is like you manually construct
the ode function but you could do like a
modeling toolkitas
and see if if that works because then
you have the symbolic Jacobian which I
know you construct manually but it's
stored in the system as opposed to like
being tacked on as a quark which could
change how it gets accessed
uh
yeah I mean it's it's kind of a stretch
like I'm not gonna lie
I needed I need to I need I should just
look at the assignment sensitivity
I mean the reason is because these are
these are these have time as a
thing right and I don't think Method
Alliance is good
it's getting better actually but yeah
and I hear you
that's why I Define it manually plus
like for big systems when some bollocks
dude yeah yeah you can't do anything big
with methyl lines yeah it's it's a
problem yeah and it has to be in like
rectilinear grid still I think and
there's all sorts of stuff
yeah
but the way I solve them in complex
geometries is you have this mask so you
still you still solve it in like a
rectangle yeah you define a mask on the
rectangle oh that's smart okay
with method aligns are just in I mean
with method alliance.jl or just in
general
uh just it's just a general way to like
to solve
ideas and complex geometries with uh
finite differences I see presumably
there's a more efficient method but
that seems like an easy way to do it
yeah probably I mean yeah like I don't
know if there's more efficient methods
with finite differences but
with like kind of element and stuff
maybe oh yeah right of course yeah
I don't know from talking with like
Stephen Johnson he thinks this is the
best approach oh man you really get
speed up when
when you have like parts of your domain
that might need higher resolution than
other parts of your domain but that's
not the case for the stuff I'm doing
yeah
um
I added was for this I know yeah I have
no idea why
especially because four diff should
already be in there in the first place
ER watching manifest
oh yeah I see that
these abbreviated stack Trace things are
so [__] up
dude I kind of like it
no it just
like
trig X simplifier not to find that that
caused this whole re-evaluation of your
entire dependency tree oh Mackie is
pretty compelling bro like
This Is The Life yeah why the [__]
have to pre-compile Mackie when I added
four again ridiculous yeah I mean this
is like literally my biggest gripe with
Julia at the current moment is like
anytime you have to compile ordinary
diffic it takes like 10 minutes
and it's like the smallest
yeah it's like the smallest little
package update dude Chris elrad [__]
updates like
cpuinfo.jl and then I am sitting there
for like an hour just getting everything
back up to to Snuff it's ridiculous
um
I didn't even [__] do using Maggie
too
foreign
you don't provide a an ALG to afford
sensitivity problem
yeah you just use the default I was
wondering maybe it's the false support
sensitivity yeah I was just wondering if
maybe that has a
yeah no it's probably not right
um
there we go oh interesting I found a
hold on okay
if there's an analytical Jacobian
provided we are not gonna do automatic
jack times back oh and it calls okay
you won't be able to oh wait maybe you
will be able to see me
uh wait okay errored when I was using
forward dip
do you see where I'm at here
yeah squirrels around yeah
I'm like not going to do automatic
so but the thing is this is on ALG
um
which is curious to me
what do you mean it's on owl like the
argument is not
on F like f is the
argument that has the jacobians stored
in it not Al
so that's what I was wondering like
which of these
things like a typo
I don't think it's a typo I think it's
just um
are you is this yours this one okay
I don't see you now
oh I was in your Rebel um
you had using problems
instead of using Ford
oh wait this is trying to add to my my
environment
yeah I think you're on your own Rumble
okay hold on
oh for some reason it's like lagged out
like I can't even see it
like all I see is the pre-compile line I
don't see any of the
uh okay but I mean yeah so let's just
draft the issues then uh like
well here's the thing though this
are we confusing jacobians at all right
because
the sensitivity the Jacobian with
respect to the parameters is going to be
different than the time than the uh
normal Jacobian
right so sparse Jacobian is not with
respect to the parameters so it might be
that you actually have to compute that
Jacobian
okay okay you think that
okay you might be right actually but
oh so you think you think that is
it's erroring on the Jacobian restrictor
the parameter is not the normal Jacobian
the
can you uh your Ripple so far let me let
me let me try adding that and we'll see
what happens because there's two
jacobians it needs it needs both of
those but I only Supply it one of them
yeah so you could be right you don't
Supply the one with respect to P right
no but I can do that easily did we get
did we get the uh
this reshape thing
um I can run it uh
let me uh I have this but something's
wrong with my using forward
I think yellow
uh
oh it's yellow because it failed to
revise something
yep all right reshaped is fine you can
delete this
that's crazy that we both see my
co-pilot
live shares really oh yeah I don't know
where in here where did his family maybe
it's just like if statement
you think it's
uh
I don't think so I would kind of almost
doubt that only the symbolic diff
like only symbolics with conditionals
really fails there where you need to do
the like if else form or you go like
because yeah yeah I mean some bugs work
through it though but
um oh okay
but that's just because these are the
this if statements on the on the indices
not on
not on like what would be oh oh yeah
yeah I see okay
right
right none of the actual symbolic
variables get traced to do that
okay yeah so I would say try the
yeah
oh once I fix this Rebel issue I can do
that
uh because I that would basically be
so we want let me get this back
now
we want all of this
yeah somehow I've lost your rebel I
can't see anything that you evaluate
that's fine
and then we're also gonna need
it
JP send equals
oh it's not so smart
and
key seven
and then I think we want JP
equals
that's all we did
and then when we Define this we'll have
to add it
which how do we do that
please
Ram Jack
I think that's what we want
damn I I don't want to ask you to
restart your Ripple but I'm like Flying
Blind here
I just can't see anything you evaluate I
can just see the pre-compiled statements
and that's it oh let me just restart it
then
oh wait wait just actually something you
did refreshed it I don't wait oh no you
restarted I see okay yeah you're good
you're good I was looking at my old one
all right
yeah it closed and then it switched me
to my old one I thought it was new
can you see it now yeah yeah and now
you're good
so now I just want
Ram Jack equals
J
p
maybe that will do it we'll see
stop playing
yo do you follow coveted Lively stuff
not enough why
100 of loudly yeah I mean this is good
content for streaming too yeah do you
have a video oh yeah sit oh no okay
that's crazy man because I've you you
and I were both sort of on the lab
League uh
hypothesis for a while
yeah I was from so early dude you know
who also is a big lab leader yeah
oh that sounds right yeah I believe that
I joined the Lively train
fall of
like fall yeah like late fall of 2020.
wow because there's a guy in my lab who
is a big lab Leaguer and he shared some
stuff with me and then the thing that
sold it was when
was when Jamie Metzel was on Lex
Friedman podcast oh really I never saw
that that podcast
it's a good one that's good
I mean it's outdated now obviously but
um Have you listened to the newest one
with Sam Harris
no
Sam Harrison Lex Friedman
yeah all right let's see if this works
I don't think it's gonna work though
because you checked and it had no
Jacobian
we'll see
well no no F had a Jacobian but um
the prob didn't like
Flex freedman's a hilarious guy dude
yeah dude I thought he gave a lecture at
MIT over the summer I went to oh nice
he's not really much of a scientist is
my understanding
yeah he's a research scientist he's not
like a I don't think he's like famous
for his research yeah I think it's just
a podcast
but he has I mean you can see his Google
Scholar oh yeah yeah
I mean it's not bad but I don't think
it's like great right
especially in ammo I feel like oh yeah
it was a lot of self-driving car stuff
that's that's right I forgot about this
hey look he's better than me yeah yeah I
know 300 citations you gotta wonder how
many of these citations are because of
the podcast
like it's definitely not zero
okay yeah let me follow along now
wait sparse Jacobian just gives you a
bullion it doesn't give you the actual
now it's versus Jacoby and
gives you the actual
oh it's Jacobian sparsity yeah right
okay
so that's the symbolic
what is that that's the
this is Jacobian oh I see okay
and this will be the I think this should
give me the Jacobian with respect to the
parameters
right
did you have this in before did you just
write this because I missed that
I just read this okay yeah
is pram Jack a real Quark I must have
missed that okay yeah it is nice
yeah it's not crazy to think that this
uh
was the issue
and then still it doesn't make sense why
this stuff is an auto diff
icult yeah
I mean I'd still open both of those
issues but uh it's it's nicer when you
post the issue and then you say this is
how I worked around it because then at
least
as a non-zero
all right that's just compilation
yeah yeah so you get about 10 times
faster
hopefully 20.
see
nice all right so that's where it was
before
uh over down here and now so F I'm gonna
make this F exact
so F exact has Cobian and
parametrophobia okay
do that
announce the moment of truth
wait no but it's something else that's
nice yeah I know what this is because
it's
it's let's just make oh you need to
collect it or something
no it's a stupid issue where I need to
give it the sparsity pattern but I don't
know how to do that because so like look
you can give it the Jack prototype but
there's no param Jack prototype
which I think means this thing can't be
sparse so let me just yeah that's what I
was good yeah okay
yeah because NZ Val is part of a sparse
Matrix yeah struct yeah yeah I I was
debugging that issue for like an hour
this morning okay
you're welcome
nice
let's promise again
and this again
I mean look at your Google Scholar
all right
I bet there's gonna be other Alex cones
let's see if this is right uh this is a
different now Alexander Ethan Cohen okay
nice 43 though pretty good
yeah well one of them on there is going
to be cited a ton because it's going to
be published oh I can't say this
overstream but nice one
I'm only a third author though
still
and then this one will also be cited
once it actually comes up
all right so let's run this again hold
on
all right it should be faster
now back to here
it's like the seven minutes of it
oh
wait what happens if you just put Auto
diff equals false in there
okay then it works
it's just slower
yeah
because I think fundamentally it doesn't
it's not using the Jacobian
yeah I think the slowness is related to
this error which is just showing that
yeah I mean that really makes a lot of
sense do I have access to this thing
hold on
is it Frozen
yeah okay
I mean somewhere is being called
float on a duel which is always bad
um
yeah where would that be the
oh dude maybe it's this what
this T is greater than or equal to
1.1
um right because T is going to be
symbolic I think
but it works
the symbolic stuff works I mean yeah you
were at a computer Kobe and all fine
wait can I just do this
um
this is going to be annoying I know
but
this is how I always test whether or not
something traces correctly
hopefully this doesn't require a
freaking
it shouldn't but
all right
okay nice that's good
although using sometimes invalidates a
pre-compiled cache which is
nice that was relatively painless
all right
I wonder how Mike's dinner was yeah
what are you doing tonight
it's an item hanging out with some high
school friends you guys can join if you
want we're probably just gonna go to
like a a bar
that sounds somewhere in Cambridge uh
yeah I'm going to Lowell uh
uh for a party and I was gonna see if he
wanted to come
with your girlfriend yeah with Hannah
and her her high school friends I think
where she grew up she grew up in New
Medford yeah
oh nice
local like me yeah yeah shaking over the
locals
um
yeah yeah I can't join tonight but next
time yeah no worries I might ask Mike
although I don't know he's going to
Medford High School yeah I think so
we used to play them in sports
dude like oh this thing is just always
spinning
you have no idea how many hours of my
life has just been spent waiting for
pre-compilation this is drain 40 of my
battery
man
that's that's uh sounds about right oh
shoot hold on
um
wait hold on
you seen what I'm seeing
or just having all right I did using
modeling toolken it said
you spell it wrong dude
oh nice it smells too lit laughs
too lit that using modeling to it oh oh
oh oh oh I see actually in this thing
okay yeah thanks
they should call it too too late though
yeah
yeah definitely all right let me just
try this
dude yeah I can't wait till uh ingbo
finishes this uh new symbolics thing
all right so
presumably yeah wait till we finish free
to pee yeah yeah me too actually
yeah I've been using chat
I was trying to do the database thing
this morning but I couldn't like what
what's the simplest way to do that I
think uh ask chat gbt because I I never
do this full stack web app thing
all right
you're right actually that's not what I
meant to do I meant to do um oh yeah
that is what I meant to do
did that work
that seemed to work this thing worked
yeah
but this is just an ode problem oh oh
Ford sensitivity just expands it out I
see okay yeah I think we should turn
auto div off yeah yeah you should turn
it on yeah okay
oh I should check uh
I think it's that I don't know I don't
know
reduce the attention to your sister oh
no
although this might not even have Jack
in it it might have to calculate this
I mean this has a Jack in it though
yeah it's a it's always a problem of
whether or not things get forwarded
we can read the code though
this is taking longer though which is
sometimes a good sign but I don't know
elon's doing a live stream
or is this they just bait us
oh no he's doing a lot yeah he's
he's talking about gpg4
s Elon
where where on Tesla live
[Music]
oh yeah no not uh yeah
are you sure your screen so I can see it
let me yeah let me see I have it on my
phone
dude I found this I found this
Australian YouTuber friendly jordies bro
you gotta watch these videos this guy's
crazy man
let me send you the best video dude
who firebombed friendly jordies
I'm gonna send this to the GC actually
this video is crazy
dude so this guy he goes around exposing
all sorts of corruption in New South New
South Wales and someone firebombed his
house and they don't know exactly who
did it but they think it's like the
former deputy Premiere or whatever and
this guy is just like a total scumbag
and friendly jordy's just like he's just
going around being an absolute chap like
it's it's so crazy
laughs
oh we got uh we got the same thing
oh it actually yeah yeah
how the [__] do we get it to use the
[__] Jacobian
yeah oh yeah I wanted to find that that
uh what was that part that I had about
the um
get Jack Matt
do we have this
great let's do this thing is auto jack
map
must
it doesn't make sense that
get jamac is called on out
right wait wait wait wait but look at
this thing here
the implementation continues for your
attention for propagating derivatives by
solving extended OD
um
forward sensitivity for a
differentiation of the soft call within
the reverse mode automatic
differentiation environment
yeah so it's basically saying if you're
using like zygote to compute the
reverse mode or something yeah that has
this thing in it it will do this thing
right
oh what
dude maybe this is why
this is it we need to set auto diff
equal to false
in the uh Ford sensitivity elk
and then Auto jackvac we should probably
also set to false
I need to redo oh oh oh
yeah yeah sit sit auto jack Matt to
false yeah dude this is this logic you
should make an issue about this because
this logic is completely bogus
yeah it's so stupid like if you already
have your [__] pram Jack you should
just always use that
wait but
I need it so we need to oh dude this is
so [__] stupid this is actually
ridiculous it has pram Jack F Prem Jack
config equals nothing okay I see I see
so if it is nothing then it defaults
yeah it's kind of reversed
[__] to do make it better
line 430 look at line 430.
of Ford sensitivity.jl
yeah I'll Focus you
oh yeah
I mean this is not related to the Jack
stuff but it's just like hilarious
all right let me show let me figure out
how to change this so I need to go to
I need to go here to see how it's
defined so I have to say
sense ALG equals forward sensitivity
dude this is so [__] stupid so here I
need to go
sense
out equals forward
sensitivity or it's not sense elk it's
just ALG right in the construction of
the yeah it's just
I think it stands out dude look at the
Constructor on 376 though
hey but look at this
hold on let me follow you
where are you looking just uh I'm on a
browser oh no where you see my screen
oh yeah
oh
uh yeah I do think it's outdated click
on stable
I just did it it's the same one
um go back to where you were though
let me go to the next two
yeah sends out
I mean but go to the go to the code
where we were in forward sensitivity
I mean maybe since OG works but like
all right we can do it this way uh
it just really looks like
um The Constructor
or actually maybe it's because we're
calling a different Constructor
dude but there's actually this doesn't
make sense either because look here
if Auto diff equals false and Auto
jackpack oh hold on
yeah look so if Auto diff equals false
and auto jack back equals false then the
Jacobian constructed via finite
differencing
we don't want that either yeah we
definitely don't want to find a
difference uh
but that doesn't okay okay wait hold on
let me read more of Ford sensitivity.jl
because
they set that thing to nothing right
they set Jack config and param Jack
config to nothing
uh at fordsensitivity.jl I'm just
reading the code for yeah
yeah
um
um so we just want to know where exactly
okay okay so we need this Constructor we
need the full Constructor which is like
the the inner
holy [__] dude look how many type
parameters this thing has
where look at this oh wait I've followed
you instead of the other way around look
at this thing
this thing is
so but we need to know okay so this is
the Constructor so now we need to know
what
the config is where's that config thing
Jack config and pram Jack config
so if this is nothing it gives it
nothing
what is nus dude I hate this stuff
there's no there's no docs on what Nuss
is it's just
see what the [__] is nuts
it just says it's this thing it's line
113.
well I'm just wondering if this is what
gets called or if the if
um I think I think it probably doesn't I
think we probably don't need to care
about that
okay but now we just need to see
okay now we get the sensitivity function
oh I see okay yeah right okay
so this problem so prob.f
Dot
um param Jack Co Bro Look at that I mean
what
it's a big fat oh
I'm gonna ADD test to your environment
you all should always just have tests it
doesn't hurt anything
yeah dude it's gonna recompile it you
know what if you're right dude I Gotta
Buy you like a meal because
then we have failed
uh definitely using okay uh so yeah so
for some reason
all these things are well is this the
old one this is the let's make this
that might be why
so wait so like we started with just
this
so I'm gonna do that one
okay
so you do have a pram Jack
um
but I think that might not be what it is
okay
so this
that's yeah okay that's interesting so
this but I needed it has an original
what's original Jack
okay that's good
uh
the original Jack
and the
like it it should be able to construct
the ode forward sensitivity Jacobian
from the original Jacobian
so maybe it's just not doing that
we need a trace how this thing actually
gets used in it's the same Jacobian it's
just in a block diagonal form
what
the Jacobian for the forward sensitivity
problem oh it's original Jack but just
restructure
yeah or not restructured like repeated
in a bond diagonal way
oh for the different parameters
what do you mean
because let me show you
um
where's that like mathematics of
mathematics oh yeah
oh wait this is okay yeah can we
announced equations to the Jacobian of
these equations
is Just J yeah right
because it's it's just the Jacobian is
yeah it's going to be yeah derivative of
this
so I was assuming it's like smart enough
to do that
um
but I guess not
oh I see what you're saying
I would
because they're functions maybe it's not
maybe you can't unwrap it
it's a good question
let me keep reading this code though
where does
sense I'll get used in the solve that's
what we want to know now so I'm going to
do another solve here
and get the error
actually maybe I have it up here
I mean interestingly yeah right if you
look at the trace it fails
in non-linear solve and then in Jacobian
yeah but this is because it's trying to
construct a Jacobian with auto diff but
apparently it's not compatible okay yeah
so we need to go higher yeah you're
right okay let's just hold on can we try
running this let's just try running this
thing
oh yeah yeah
oh [__] I gotta load for a diff again
though
I think it should be fine
no this is defendants why because of
this thing
oh you oh you want to try this I see
yeah I was gonna suggest that earlier
that's a good idea if we can just take
the gradient with respect to you need to
make it an anonymous function though
like I think you need to do uh like like
p goes to
oh I probably need a return
something too right
uh make it out of place
yeah here let me just do that quick
we'll take a second
oh wait what just happened
oh oh wait hold on let me stop following
you oh yeah sorry
uh so let's just do negative test
and yeah get rid of that
and
it's
like this zeros
and then size of you
and then let's return
all right so let's run that
and then
this P0 thing
no I just pee
okay
all right no we here though we want
you
not
okay oh
uh all right wait but yeah I think we
won oh yeah okay all right
this is just a normal
mm-hmm
uh you need to do this though
to test
zerps
that'd be good
oh dude it's that same issue
yeah wait so let's um
here
son of a [__] where is this
that is not a helpful message
all right let's run it again
let's [__] go
what
yukon's up seven
oh nice
what the hell is going on here okay
I don't know why I did it like that but
is it this four
why would it be that
I don't know man
maybe it's just it's probably this
brescillator function I'm gonna bring
that down here
oh [__] dude
dude yeah I think that's it
because look
look so oh because look we Define this
constant
XY
D breast elator
yeah so look we Define this constant
here
and then
down here it calls this function on X Y
and T
and the X and Y
are here
uh-huh
so I think these are these are basically
floats right
and then no dude that should be fine
right because it can add a
you can add a float with a forward diff
right yeah that method is definitely
defined
it's at somewhere
um
I mean you want to just try diffing this
uh well I think it's different though
because I think it has to do with this
well that's that's evaluated already but
yeah okay yeah
all right let's try to diff breast later
f though
is it
so okay yeah so our hypo yeah okay okay
I mean in this one we're trying to Def
with respect to you but here you're
saying we need to respect to T as well
or X and Y
oh let's just give it uh
Oh I thought you
uh oh oh because they're in here
yeah
okay yeah just copy that I don't know
about it
I don't know if this would like if this
works that necessarily means
well it didn't work
so you can't compare
I think it's this thing
mm-hmm
yeah well let's just try to
yeah because I mean that's gonna value
it to a bull right
yeah well it's saying you can't even
compare it because because T is a
forward diff and 1.1's a flow
wait but this is a this is a VEC
actually hold on this seems wrong
right like this is not like oh wait uh
uh
uh what I actually want is um derivative
different
for some reason I'm frozen oh there we
go it's just slow
okay yeah so that worked fine
oh
let me ask Chad GPT
dude I had it I had it right like so
much code today it's crazy
let me share my screen
all right so I had it write this code
that um [__] I can't see your screen oh
you can't
oh you gotta click click just click
yeah
and then uh
is that me
oh [__] no that's fine
oh all right you see me
oh
I I'm looking at myself all right click
on myself on your screen oh okay all
right cool all right
um
so yeah I had to generate like all of
this code today which is a bunch of
random stuff but um
where's the good one radial I think
no it's uh
generated code to make a movie yeah
let me see
what was it called
um
to generate to generate the code in
Julia yeah well I had a generator in
Julia it was trying to do it in Python
but it it uh didn't
I'm trying to find
I made this really dope one oh yeah the
webm yeah
um
copy path
dude look at this
damn
I had to generate that
no it was just images it was just
images.jail
um
mask mask.jl this is all
right I mean I streamed how I did it but
I couldn't tell you honestly
I just kept asking it to do more and
more stuff and it just sort of did it
at first I tried to get it to do it in
blender because I was trying to make the
thumbnail right and then I realized that
the thumbnail is not that good so I
wanted to make something better
like this was
um
yeah dude I I realized like
there's so much
easy free stuff to do
um without having to actually code
oh that that's basically it
but it like like if you give it DOC
strings and stuff it'll get pretty good
at like figuring out how to how to fix
the code
yeah
okay uh
I hate debugging diff stuff
yeah I mean there's two different issues
like I could just post issues on both of
them yeah I would
or should I post some time L sensitivity
yeah
yeah well let's look at the issues right
now
here share your screen are you looking
on the browser yeah I'm just looking on
the browser
I'll have to head out in a few minutes
too yeah
tomorrow I'm free until around like five
cool yeah we should not
yeah I'm also free later at night but
from like five to like seven or eight
I'm busy so maybe we should just start
like you want to get breakfast yeah and
then we can work after that I'm down I'm
down
if you want to go for a run or something
before in the morning too I'd be down oh
cool yeah I mean we could I have a I
have a guest pass we could also take you
to the gym we could all go do a little I
know you're less on lifting but uh it's
kind of fun nah I'd go I haven't done it
in a while I'm trying to get back into
it nice yeah let me uh
uh
all right uh
yeah so make these issues I know I know
making the issues is like kind of
tedious but
let's see what was it called float of
duel
I don't see anything particularly
related to this
I see an issue on pde
I mean interestingly it does seem like
another issue that uh
that uh
CIS F probe also doesn't have
um
here's which dispatch this is
179.
oh dude I talked to Chris today oh
really
yeah because
someone in the jewelry lot basically
told me that he was looking for someone
to help with this adjoin thing he wanted
to implement
and I was like oh that could be a good
like first
yeah for me to do definitely so I
messaged Chris and I was like oh I heard
you're looking for someone to do this
like I'm interested in helping he was
like
what's your background and I told him
and then he sent me some stuff to read
and he was like read this and let's meet
on Thursday to discuss nice nice
are you gonna meet him in person he's
rarely in town anymore
not in person oh nice nice he'll be
coming down for something because he
lives in Salem now
he bought a house yeah oh wow why
everybody hasn't sealed
gotta be pretty rich dude why anybody
buy a house somewhere else yeah I I
agree I don't know
all right let's see
I just wanted to check one more time
that that the uh this dispatch loses its
yeah this loses everything this is just
such a [__] mess dude
there needs to be another dispatch I
mean
gosh
managing such a big software ecosystem
seems like such a nightmare though
um yeah I mean the thing with Julia
it's like there's like you know five
people working on this whereas python is
like thousands of people yeah although
modeling and simulation there's a lot
less than you might think
but for like for like
Jax yeah they got armies
should I just like completely transition
over to Jack
um
Maybe
what if I did
if I did this
will that do anything
oh did you ever try the sensile thing or
did that just not work together
uh oh like doing out instead of sense
out of here oh No Just sense out
yeah okay oh well we we decided we
didn't even try this because in the
docks it said if these are both set to
false then it uses numerical oh yeah
finite def yeah
it's gonna be slow
just being delicate about handling so
many type parameters and so many
different fields is like
mind boggling okay
so it should get Jack
fine
this is gonna be nothing still and
mm-hmm
oh wait what if I do
for some reason this is slow so
this should compute at least the
sparsity pattern
and then that gets stored I mean I'm I'm
on a tangent now I I'm just curious
about like why this
like the the case that we actually want
to support is just
uh modeling toolkit for everything like
you always Define the model and modeling
toolkit
and then you uh
then you basically always know that
everything like
analytical is stored in in it
um because otherwise you get into this
problem of like oh is it getting the
Jacobian or not well at some point
there should just be one way to check
and it's from the system
yeah this is as for larger systems I'm
gonna
uh I won't be able to do that because
they won't be able to compute the thing
about luckily
well
uh
um maybe oh I'm sorry
I mean supposedly symbolics is going to
get a lot faster at doing
bigger systems
um
yeah yeah
all right let's call it yeah I'll see
you tomorrow
yeah oh okay I probably won't have time
to post the issue tonight if not I'll do
it when I'm with you tomorrow cool
sounds good all right
where are you where's your lab uh
I'm in I'm in building 66.
um
but I'm in like a conference room nice
that's pretty nice view and the
resolution is absolute dog [__] but
oh well I know it's just because my
dude if you ever want to come to campus
and work I can show you around and show
you my my lab and office and stuff oh
yeah that'd be that'd be a ton of fun
definitely want to do that
yeah all right I'll uh let you go
um all right see you tomorrow
let's get back to [__]
AI coding
will this Nest I think it should nest
right
nice
the following is a conversation with Sam
Harris who's Sam Harris
as I said two years ago when I first met
I spoke with Sam he's one of the most
influential pioneering thinkers of our
time as the host of The Making Sense
podcast creator of the waking up app and
the author of many seminal books on
human nature and the human mind
including the end of Faith the moral
landscape lying Free Will and waking up
in this conversation besides our mutual
fascination with AGI and free will we do
also go deep into controversial
challenging topics of Donald Trump
Hunter Biden January 6th vaccines lab
leak Kanye West and several key figures
the central public discourse clean Joe
Rogan and Elon Musk both of
about this personal aspect of the
conversation discussing Joe Beyond and
others was the wing heavy on my heart
since the beginning of the pandemic now
three years ago is that many people
looking for wisdom public discourse stop
talking to each other as often with
respect to humility and love when the
world needs those kinds of conversations
the most My Hope Is that they start
talking again they start being friends
again they start noticing the humanity
looking at them there's much deeper than
the disagreements that divide them so
let me take this moment to say with
humility and honesty why I look up to
and inspired by Joe Elon and Sam I think
Joe Logan is Born To The World As a
voice of compassion curiosity and open
mindedness to ideas both radical
mainstream sometimes with humor
sometimes the brutal honesty always
pushing forward that
within science with rationality
generally discussion about anything it
is true to say that the truth or falsity
of a statement does not even slightly
depend on the potentials of the person
making a statement right so it doesn't
matter if you're noble right you can be
wrong but the thing you could either the
last sentence you spoke with the total
[__] right and it's also possible
for someone who's deeply uninformed to
be right about something right the wrong
reasons
they're million cases where you have
like a backyard astronomer who's got no
potentials but he just loves astronomy
he's got a telescope and he discovers a
comment that no one else has seen you're
not even professional experts Farmers um
but some version of that keeps happening
and they always keep happening in every
area of expertise right
um so it's true that truth is orthogonal
to the reputational concerns we have
among Apes we're talking about the truth
um but it's also true that most of the
time real experts are much more reliable
than frauds or people who are not
experts so and Equity is really the
thing right and when you know when
you're flying an airplane in a storm you
don't want just randoms coming to the
confidence
controls right you want someone who's a
trained pilot and the training gave them
something right he's a set of
competencies and intuitions and they
know what all those dials and switches
do right and I don't right I shouldn't
Define that plan
um and so when things really matter yeah
we want real experts to be in charge
right and we are 30 000 feet a lot of
the time on a lot of issues right look
at the public health issues with an
issue whether it's a geopolitical
emergency like Ukraine climate change I
just pick your pick your topic uh there
are real problems and the clock is right
off and taken and their Solutions are
not obvious right and so expertise is a
thing and deferring to experts much of
the time it makes a lot of sense it's at
minimum it prevents its spectacular
errors of and
just a full organizers but even in case
of somewhere where you're talking to
someone like we're well educated we're
not the worst possible candidates when
we're going into a new area where we're
not experts we're fairly alert to the
possibility that we don't you know it's
not a simple thing first and we don't
know how our tools translate this new
area but we're also because we're well
educated we're in pretty quick studies
we can learn a lot of things pretty fast
and we can begin to play a language game
that sounds fairly expert right and in
that case the invitation to do your own
research right is it in once one times
are good I view as an invitation to
waste your time pointless
okay what were you doing
foreign
the ongoing public display of failures
of expertise we have experts who
obviously corrected by bad incentives
we've got experts who you know
personally wanted they were wrong
really wrong we've got institutions that
have been captured by political ideology
it's not truth tracking them it's this
whole uh encroachment into really every
place you know whether it's universities
or science journals or government
Journey it's just like that is that
hasn't generally changed
um so there's a lot going on where
experts and very concept expertise it
seem to be spread itself but the reality
is that there's a massive difference
anything matters when there's anything
to know about anything there's a massive
difference most of the time between
someone who's really done the work to
understand that billion and someone
hasn't and if I get sick or someone
calls me gets sick you know I have a
teaching Neuroscience right so I can
read a medical journal article and
understand a lot of it right you know
I'm just fairly impressive with metaphor
knowledge and I understand methods and
I'm alert to the difference between
Neuroscience it's been hours and hours
in journal clubs you know diagnosing you
know an analyzing different studies I'm
not alert to the difference between that
studies
and experiments can be poorly designed
all those things I don't pretend to be a
doctor right no clinical experience I
don't go down the rabbit hole on Google
for days of scratch trying to become a
doctor much less a specialist in the
domain of problem right so it's almost
like it's cancer I don't pretend to be
an oncologist
oncology and try to really get up to
speed in oncologists
and it's
to foreign
okay so we need to make this as uniform
as possible so we're going to do this
I am wait
hey guys it's your boy
Dartmouth
larbo go up
I'm so funny I'm such a funny guy
has anyone ever told you that I'm super
[__] funny
I'm like the funniest game
okay
what are we looking for we're looking
for movies
obs
this
oh I'm an idiot
I'm literally so dumb
hey guys what's up
hey guys it's on and
what's up
all right let's watch that video again
let's uh
um
hey guys what's up
I'm so funny all right so now we're
gonna copy this
uh
head
all right let's try it
um
hey guys what's up
mm-hmm
do I just have to do FPS equals
do you really think that's going to work
because I kind of don't
foreign
video file
mod FPS
foreign
excited to let you all know about the
work that Khan Academy is now doing in
artificial intelligence obviously over
the last many months there's been a lot
of talk about artificial intelligence
that has been both exciting and scary we
all see the potential that it could have
to help people to maybe even one day
tutor people but we also know that there
are some drawbacks it can hallucinate
sometimes make up facts it doesn't
always get the math correct maybe it's
introduce bias or maybe students might
try to do things with it that aren't
fully appropriate or try to get it to
their assignments for them and so us we
at Khan Academy we view it as our
responsibility as a non-for-profit with
a mission free world class education for
anyone anywhere that also Prides itself
on being at The Cutting Edge of
technology and how technology can be
used to accelerate learning we viewed as
our responsibility to start deeply
working with artificial intelligence but
threading the needles that we can
maximize by all means right but it
matters those opinions
today Khan Academy is
no way any of this [__] works
yep
foreign
level instruction not gonna lie we're
gonna see can it do it
can it do it I do not know
but do what's up apparently there's
someone in here
what's going on [__]
which uh we're messing with chat GPT
y'all heard of it
words son
bird
yeah what we've done so far is we made
some movies like this
and it generated this I mean it
generated the code that generated this
it's pretty cool pretty picture
we made this like
this thing
it's so annoying that we don't have a
webm viewer
yeah what's up what's up
what's up
micro mamba
dude this is a [__]
this is gonna be a Nutty video not gonna
lie
except what we need to do is we need to
go here we need to copy this
no I hit Ctrl Q
beep
there's no way that this
is there's just no way that's real
you four two two you four two two
whoa
this is kind of sick though
hey guys what's up
oh wow
foreign
group
it's a great logo
foreign
shoot you in the [__] head for a
while schedule ran an Instagram
page and a podcast producing amazing
content and beautiful coalescence of his
almost pathological longing for
attention and acceptance that he is
indeed a legendary Digger and the
absolute Beauty the top rise of
Australian defense give to soldiers to
post about some of their let's just say
disdain for the Rules of Engagement
war crimes so his podcast and Instagram
feed contains some stunning admissions
from scojo and his manage but let's be
clear no one else should be mistaken
enough to think they could get away with
admitting to what he'll soon see scojo
between his podcast
because he's quite an absolutely [__]
psychopath who's responsible for
multiple Mass Graves throughout the
Middle East you know the type of guy
that would [__] laugh at the Afghans
everyone yeah these are real quotes from
scojo he openly admits how much he hates
the Afghan people admits that he only
went to war for the violence but that's
just the beginning we'll get into the
best content very soon I promise I just
wanted to make it clear before you go
out and start posting about how you're a
necrophile on Instagram Joe if you're a
normal person posting about the [__]
scojo boasts about you'd be thrown into
a psych ward if you looked like scojo
probably a psych ward for leprechauns
just go don't you think he looks like
the ADF only didn't pass the election
because they thought he'd bring the
diggers line a definitely valid Target
at the end of the rainbow a rainbow of
middles that Irish luck could explain
the level of protection before the Disco
Joe from defense which you'll simplify
that is honestly astounding I mean it's
like if the best snitcher drug dealer in
town had a podcast of detailing the best
packages over his career so this video
is a bit of an investigation into what
the Australian Department of Defense
finds acceptable for soldiers to
publicize and I guess do during war and
what crosses their line hint telling on
people for war crimes crosses their line
telling on yourself to snore
a bit of context Australians with kind
of video war crimes so much so that
we've got this judge to go interview our
soldiers to see who did the best war
crime and then make a report about it
well seeing how scojo goes on that's
probably what the soldiers thought the
rare investigation was it was actually
well it was pretty much just that but
without finding the best so sorry scojo
no prizes there's another thing I've got
heaps of medals in 2016 Justice
breeriton was commissioned by the
Inspector General of the Australian
defense you have to conduct an
investigation
released in 2020 what I found was I was
gonna say shocking but when you've got
Instagram Pages run by egg soldiers
dedicated to boasting about what
breerited was investigating you kind of
know it was going to find that there
were war crimes Community probably
easier than Kenny Andrew take to be
honesters didn't you have that website
www dot human trafficking passive income
lifehack.com.ro so in short the report
found yeah boys well done these are the
loosest [__] air one of the more
popular war crimes I found was the two
common practice of blooding you know
giving the boys their first kill
typically the patrol command would take
a person under control and did you
remember who would then be directed to
kill the person under control yeah
I'd go full woke I'd go Lefty Looney I'd
join the Taliban
[Music]
number one of their favorite war crimes
was shipping some unarmed person then
afterwards planting a gun or an Icom
radio on them so military investigators
would believe that who they shot was a
legitimate Target they call them
throwdowns you know because you throw
them down on a course now boys can be
Larry kids in case you didn't know that
about shravage schedule apparently loved
doing this one so much he got a tattoo
of it Carpenter presents working in
Taliban fought it asleep who's got a
little icon radio down beside his bed
because for some reason legal officers
before I got to Afghanistan decided that
if you had one of these little icon
radios in your position it was as good
as an AK-47 we could shoot you in the
[__] head because that's all you
[__] deserved you [__] it's kind of
cool it's a bit too Arty for my taste I
think he should have just got I've
killed innocent people and then lied to
lawyers about it being self-defense
reading 94 hitting first but then it got
me thinking man I have got to get a
tattoo of my favorite crime contempt of
court does anyone know somebody could do
a really good drawing of me screaming
[__] you on a sovereign citizen in a
FIFA court judge if so HMU I'm thinking
about you can poke really though think
about how insane that is at best that is
a tattoo celebrating if you've been
Associated your job you have to lie
about your killings to investigators so
again a crime but at worst and what I'm
pretty sure it is a tattoo on an
Australian Commando boasting about
breaching the [__] Geneva Convention
this planting evidence [__] is quite a
regular occurrence on skyjo's Instagram
just to give you an idea of how common
it would have been experience
there's always room for a Throwdown LSD
or two
I'm gonna let you drink on deployment
fill this up with a leader with a vodka
or improvise adapt
even without being more than well
documented how soldiers would lie to
investigators
the Four Corners report healing field
and Hill and camera footage of an
unarmed Afghan farmer killed at
point-blank range by an Australian
Soldier it then revealed afterwards that
soldiers told investigators that the
Afghan was shot 15 to 20 meters away and
was holding an icon radio just like the
tattoo now to be clear that four corners
wasn't on Scotia he was in the SAS and
also as if he's that tall but his
podcast does again give an insight into
how willing to mislead Legal
Investigators of battlefields Australian
soldiers were perhaps one of the most
stunning positions in skyjo's content
comes with his baby
and it's the story of how he got that
nickname and I could retell it but as
much as we'd laugh against Gojo well
yeah that's the point let's just listen
to scojo at this baby because they are
very funny this particular story or
bedtime Warriors Gojo colorfully puts
them begins with Dave tilliscojo how he
was setting up a vcp for a kle vcp means
vehicle control program and kle means
key leader engagement like media so I'm
playing English making sure Vehicles
don't get too close to a meeting yeah
get used to it in the the military they
love useless acronyms anyway I'll let
the boys tell you so what were you
looking to stop like why why were you
stopping traffic on that road um
basically just to stop any movement
coming into that area where the kle was
being held
um so I don't even have a clue of what
they're [__] talking about in this
Kaylee yeah but um probably about 20
minutes into the uh into the vcp around
the corner Comes This bloody little
postie bike and a couple of bikes on it
yeah so you'll sort of see you're
playing what down on your guts with the
with the gun and you're facing down this
road you look up there's nothing else
going on you've got a Kaylee off behind
you and all you can see is a potential
you know threat or it could be anyone on
a bike and a lot of afghanis especially
the Taliban are known to use motorbikes
to get around to scoot around the
village and you see them come down the
corner down the road towards you yeah
that's right see why we hide these guys
they're cutting intelligence Taliban
Shelton's ride motorbikes can't you see
why these guys are our special forces
people coming around the corner
especially on a [__] motorbike they
wouldn't have been able to see us in
time because obviously Australian
diggers made a good can of concealer
blending in
um so uh yeah we
we were getting out to this [__]
start both of them
um
and not even showing signs of someone
down my first my first thought was okay
there's gonna be [__] bigger porn ID
here and we're gonna we're gonna [__]
cop it which is very common yeah we'll
get my our two I said he was on the 2007
trip and there was a lot of vehicle-born
IEDs during that trip for them
especially in TK and um and he was
always saying be on the lookout foreign
where they use off the aqueducts to to
get all their water lines and stuff so
it was a small ditch anyway gave him
gave in two verses the best and um yeah
so where you're aiming at this point but
all through training they're like I got
a disabled vehicle could disable the
vehicle first and it comes on posty work
so yeah if I'm decided this disarming
the vehicle I'm aiming at Center is
saying Mass I understand and um you know
being on the gun anyone's uh worthy gun
before they obviously fire upwards if
you've got a good grip on it and uh
basically just ripped him up and took
half his head off and and the bloke
behind him cocked the rounds it went
straight through again yep and um yeah
mate it was uh it was the old on Floyd
fire but real close yeah but uh yeah so
he went down like sack [__] and um the
bloke on the back the bloke in the front
obviously had half his head gone so he
was out yeah he was uh he was he'd gone
to a lot and um The Blog on the back
started down now policia police here but
whatever the [__] they you know whatever
they were yeah um police was but uh yeah
that's what you're trying to yell out
yeah
like we knew at that stage we just hit
two cops so machine gun Dave had just
machine gunned down Afghan police
officers you know extensively on our
side and look I know who stays happen in
war it could have been a genuine fear of
their life seeing something as spooky as
a fast motorcycle with two people on it
yeah I'm sure if it was a [__]
suicide bomb at the Taliban would make
sure that there's two because wasting
one life isn't enough 72 virgins is too
much for one man apparently just Chuck
someone off the back for absolutely no
reason I guess the profit of two birds
with one stone doesn't try to invent it
two guys one bite you really nailed it
scone Joe okay even with this other mid
all fear and Love and War could have
been a genuine mistake but what machine
gun David meets do next is quite amazing
address according to the official report
okay okay so according to the official
report the report that military police
do to see if a killing was you know
legal the men weren't in police uniforms
but listen to this you're a digger
you're trying to do the best job that
you could to protect your mates and it
was your life or theirs in your mind and
you made a decision and you backed
yourself and you're sitting in front of
an office team being investigated what
do you change mind doing at that point
that they just hand you out to dry did
you have senior dudes in there helping
you and providing you support well we
thought we came together at the start I
thought we were gonna get thrown on the
bus with the whole shooting independent
[__] cool I thought we're gonna get
thrown on the bus but uh the guys pulled
together because we knew we were going
to go back for this investigation
um and it was basically
everyone write down their story and this
is this is what happened and it
basically was what happened yeah um
besides the uniform thing yeah
um because they they clearly were
wearing uniforms after the fact but you
can't you can't tell because they're
uniforms look just exactly like the
normal clothes just a [__] uniformed
color yeah
everyone looks the same as uniform
normal clothes but just upgrade that's
right and one dude's got white shoes on
the other two it's got his flip-flops on
exactly yeah so
um
yeah so we basically
[__] with each other and I think a lot
of the senior uh what the senkos and
that came to our rescue so to speak uh
by basically saying okay this is we need
to stick together during this did you
hear that the app game called he shot
went in uniform and everyone there that
day got to get it inspired to the light
the Australian Defense Force
investigative service adverse about the
me wearing uniform because I had a no
avoid accountability for what at best
was a fatal mistake and at worst well we
don't know what it wasn't worth because
the results of the investigation into
the incident we now know we're based on
lies look you might be thinking that's
not even that shocking but what is
shocking is publicly admitting that on a
podcast that you and your team lied to
the Commonwealth about the time you
killed a cop
that's pretty astounding right to have
the confidence that the Australian
Defense Force cares so little about the
conduct of its troops overseas that you
can just say yeah you know that time I
shot two cops that we were allied with
creating a mini international incident
and forcing my platoon out of the
Bellucci valley during the contact
Army said at the time that when the
troops opened fire the men on the
motorbike were not wearing their
uniforms and did not identify themselves
as Afghan police or amp yeah that's
correct but that was not um I didn't
afford at all prior to the engagement on
a motorcycle not Afghan uh
vehicle and it was only after the
engagement that I really didn't afford
by other police that they were
yeah we all conspired and lied to
Australian military police about that
one
[__] these boys are loose and did
anything happen in the year was anyone
punished for what even then they do was
a massive mistake nothing happened to us
besides we never did a vcp for the rest
of the trip after that yeah yeah which
is good because basically if there's a
boring batch it just didn't have to do
the boring vehicle control jobs anymore
yeah Gabby and the boys get a bit too
bored on those jobs so just give them
the job where they drop count the
perhaps most terrifying thing in this
entire point is the message Gojo and
Dave delivered at the end if it's okay
to go with gut feeling and um pump some
[__] if you need to yeah
boys
do what you want chain of command will
always back you now you can see the
reason we had an issue before and if I
do want to make this clear if there
wasn't the ambition about lying I don't
even highlight this part I don't want to
shame veterans about killings they could
already feel guilty there we know war is
here well for most people no it was sick
it's the boring vcp's to the hill but
the absolute disdain scojo and machine
gun Dame show for the Afghan people over
the course of this pod alongside the
admission about misleading advers I mean
it makes them more than okay games were
really cute after all Skydive loves dark
humor he was at the platoon Clan listen
to this court although I had a Green
Beret and I had the trust of the dudes
that I was with
um I was actually just stoked to be
following them around like a little kid
like like sort of Richie Beno just
commentating over the radio every time
they shot someone wrecked off yeah it's
marvelous marvelous oh that's two from
two John no that's two from Two and just
just absolutely taking the piss just
providing light can be relief just high
stress situations where dudes are
[__] peeking and I just saw my mate
shorter dude's [__] head off and then
that dude's children have run out of the
compound and are literally picking up
his brain off the ground and scooping it
into their dad's skull to try and revive
him because naturally Afghan kids don't
really have a concept of sort of Medical
Science and that was probably one of the
wildest Things that I've ever sort of
been in the vicinity of seeing um you
know that dude was running with an AK to
try and to try and flank us but he
didn't see the mortise team was down in
the creek line just [__] waiting
there tactically with bootcam and
concealment so then they shot him in the
head and he kind of Sardine himself into
the ground and yeah his kids run out and
it's literally scooping his brains off
the ground and then slapping them back
into his skull trying to revive him and
um while this is all going on and
there's a high stress kind of situation
the only thing that could have made that
sort of whole crazy situation sort of
better was a [__] cheeky joke and you
know naturally scojo comes through with
a cheeky uh you know little comment that
makes everyone Giggle and someone said
you know that was the most hectic thing
I've ever seen in my life and I said
well the part where the kids were
playing [__] sand castles were their
dad's brains that just made it so much
better and uh
[__] [__] you know if that's all my
job was and that's all I had to do was
just to keep the boys happy and then now
post service in my discharge of the
world and if that's all I have to do to
keep dudes from [__] topping
themselves or crying into their beers
every night because they didn't acquire
any other skills and they just shut
their blinds every night and say I used
to be an operator you need to respect me
and [__] give me free [__] because I
earned it well yeah you did bro but you
also sort of limited yourself so um if I
can give those boys a cheeky Giggle and
uh remind them of the good times and the
fun stories through you know bedtime
Warriors then I'm all [__] for it so
hope you enjoyed it [__] what the [__]
is this guy
funny things to say but I did and I
turned to rescue workers and I said the
part where the kids were playing [__]
sandcastles were their dad's brains
there was uh
referring to they're spending the time
up there being pretty rough that is the
greatest comparison I've made on this
channel apart from the following four
dude that's [__] wild
again you might think this is just a
deal making chest of a terrible
situation never forced him to bruh scojo
is a special breed in other pods he
talks about desperately wanting to go to
war just for the violence I mean he
signed off on his quality so go out
there pour yourself a Milo enjoy life
and potentially go to Ukraine and
[__] fight for Ukrainian people not
because you believe in their cause but
because you like violence and that's
okay so there's been an investigation
into war crimes committed by the ADF in
Afghanistan the investigation found
credible evidence of war crimes there
are videos of War funds who have
soldiers on Insta with tattoos
celebrating war crimes podcasts openly
discussing lying about killing two
investigators so do you have any
prosecutions of the war criminals no but
there has been one prosecution of an
Afghan veteran David McBride for war
crimes well for leaking evidence of war
crimes to the media after his internal
complaints went nowhere first mistake
Dave if you wanted to air allegations of
war crimes and not face prosecution you
should have gone on bedtime worries with
your boy scojo I've made many videos
detailing to find David McBride it's
honestly it sounded scary this
prosecution is still ongoing I highly
recommend these videos one because there
is a complete lack of press on this
topic the ABCD Outlet was published in
McBride leagues he didn't even go to his
trial and took because the presenter was
effortlessly cool no homo well just to
leave one but today I'm going to do what
the Australian defense board clearly
could not make scodo useful for once
yeah you've got a job that will actually
help people today's Gojo not just
shooting [__] and planting throwdowns
in a war that is up a Bin Laden itself
wanted the wizard in because you are
taking our economies and draining those
resources we would ultimately lose skojo
you're going to help make my argument as
to why McBride's charges are an absolute
affront to the rule of all in this
country essentially McBride's case comes
down to if it was in the public interest
to lead to the ABC another government
pertaining to investigation of Warcraft
in other videos I think I've outlined
pretty well that yes yes it wasn't the
public interest I think it's pretty
self-evident but where's Gojo and make
them very useful is that they serve to
highlight how McBride's prosecution is a
complete aberration on the part of the
federal police Australian Defense Force
and director of public prosecutions
because what he leaked is sober nail in
comparison to what soldiers like SoJO
and others Chuck up on social media all
the time I mean we just listened to a
guy admit to an entire platoon
conspiring the lie to military police I
have to repeat it scojo got a tattoo of
war crimes his Instagram was helmet cam
footage Galore and scojo is far from the
only Soldier loose with material
gathered from the wall in fact oh
there's nowhere
to share around clips that include
classified Australian signals
intelligence
foreign
I want somebody
see this says secret and rightfully so
this is pretty classified [__] and much
more hot material than anything with
Bridal eat these videos contain the
coordinates of where an Apache chopper
was when it was dropping [__] and this
footage is just floating around like
they're my nudes look at you [__]
perverts scrambling to Google my news
yeah I'm talking to you Spooks you
prosecute David for leaking evidence of
war crimes and you immediately jump to
access actually sensitive material for
shame one of the montages even appears
to have footage from an American Apache
helicopter shooting table
very far
[Music]
we're going to know if that footage is
classified or not but it kind of seems
like something that shouldn't be
floating around ah the soldiers that are
playing around with signals intelligence
like its Funniest Home Videos getting
prosecuted for what bride is unlawfully
disclosing a commonwealth document or
unlawfully giving or obtaining
information as your defenses or are
these soldiers being prosecuted for
theft of Commonwealth property [__] no
because these videos unlike a Brides
material have an embarrassed the top
brass of the Australian military until
perhaps now and proved how they
abdicated their basic responsibilities
as they oversaw an essentially permitted
war crimes in Afghanistan after all
ascojo machine gun Dave say Johanna
command will always back you Shane that
doesn't go for McBride his prosecution
isn't about security you can link
material that's far more damaging to
National Security than a few docks
outline war crimes I.E
often coordinate and strategy of
multiple Chopper attacks but bride's
prosecution is a Christian important
year at exercise and retribution and
these clips really serve to demonstrate
that effect Beyond a shout out they
highlight what an aberration from the
norm McBride's prosecution is is
extremely common practice for Australian
soldiers to the loose with material way
more sensitive than what the bride leads
it's common practice apparently for them
to boast about breaking the law but
there's only been one prosecution if
spooking the Australian government want
to maintain a treat of credibility it
will either drop the bride's prosecution
immediately or they will trawl through
Instagram and prosecute dozens more
soldiers for leading worse material but
it's in no way in the public interest
and lead for less noble causes I.E yeah
three kills in a row Smitty you've
unlocked with UAV McBride's case is
going to trial this year the government
has already drank him with hundreds of
thousands of dollars and really needs
150ks
book this you could think this case
is it's not it's about institutions of
Australia and if we're going to let them
become so infested with self-serving
people us so they can shut up for
exposing murder whilst leading the
murderers keep their medals whilst they
publicly boast about murdering two
seconds represent a massive degradation
in the rule of law in this country but
it will also represent something
something I don't think anyone can
really grasp at the moment so donate
McBride needs to be able to afford to
defend himself the future of our country
is at stake I would offer to give the
address from this video to him but as
you can probably tell it's not going to
get any AD ribs so for that reason make
sure you donate
foreign
a lot of people in our media that don't
agree with my opinions on the fact that
the war crimes have been alleged against
Australian Special Forces is actually
[__] now because they don't like
that rhetoric they preach for Free
Speech but they don't actually want that
they don't actually want people with
opposing views share their views on what
they think actually happened over there
so what happened is uh just uh last
night a individual by the name of Jordan
lamb shank Shanks decided to do a
podcast on my podcast utilizing all of
my content photos videos and jokes um as
a story that he wants to promote that
I'm an absolute piece of [__]
on my podcast utilizing all of my
content photos videos and jokes
um as a story that he wants to promote
that I'm an absolute piece of [__] now a
lot of his followers have been messaging
me saying how dare you a lot of them had
blue hair and looked like twinks but uh
exactly the reality is is that Spotify
can disable my podcast whenever they
want because it's their platform and I'm
not going to lose any sleep over it but
if you want me to continue worries
um I haven't been able to prove who's
the one behind removing my podcast from
it and Instagram from all these
platforms well now we know here's one
dude Jordan Spanx or whatever his name
is friendly geordies the dude that got
his house [__] fire bombed a couple
times now because he pisses off the
wrong people so now I think it's time
that you jump into his comments his DMS
his Instagram his Twitter his YouTube
account and let him know you're disdain
for him in the way that he treats
veterans that is trying to stick up for
their mates and maybe you can also
mention potential actually if bedtime
Warriors was a good podcast and you
found the positives of dark humor and
being able to laugh at the situations
that I found myself in overseas rather
than sit there and medicate yourself
with PTSD medication which doesn't
obviously actually help anything it just
masks the problem whereas if you could
listen to a podcast about the whereas
listening to a podcast about the good
times and all the fun memories and fun
times that we had overseas might
actually help you forget the bad times
that's my whole concept I said it a
million times if we don't laugh we cry
so the left media that is so against me
and against the boys that have been
accused of war crimes unsubstantiated
obviously
um they want to shut our voices down
they don't want us to have Instagram
they don't want us to have a podcast
because it proves that their narrative
is wrong no one's been charged no one's
been charged to accusations I can make
an accusation right now
I won't do that but uh yeah jump on I'm
gonna post the link now to uh the
podcast that came out today with my good
friend uh old geordo and uh you guys can
let him know in the comments of his [__]
and I call it [__]
um and let him know and maybe ask him
why he's so butt hurt and it is pride
week so uh I use that as a little bit of
a pun but um yeah let him know
the locker respectfully call upon all
Millman trolls to get out there and do
your best but at no point should anyone
use any threats of violence against the
man because he recently had his house
fire bombed you hate to see it wasn't me
though
could have been anyone
that's a psychotic thing to say bro what
the [__] yeah could have been anyone
that's [__] crazy
uh oh I see I see I see
let me get this all wrong
say Guru
I'm down with this
one second that's fast
foreign
that's too slow
this
not even God is going to stop me doing
what I'm going to do to you I know where
your parents live and I know you have a
dog I'm going to stab it that's a threat
that the police allege was made by a
notorious bikey who for legal reasons we
can't name so we're just going to call
him Tony K police allege he made this
threat over the phone to Plummer Stephen
toy back in March of 2009. what was
after this threat was made is absolutely
for lack of better words insane if you
follow the people the money and the
companies that were all connected to
Tony K and this threat and you followed
them for years down the line what you'll
find is a web of disturbing connections
to some of the most senior political and
Senior business figures in Australia
this is a story about the kings of
Sydney's property development industry
and attempt to make sense of their
coronation the following information has
been gleaned from court documents and
police statements friendly geordies is
viewed namely from police statements of
Stephen toy at self-employed plumber
from Western Sydney will begin in 2009
when Stephen toy then aged 27 alleges he
was friends with a man by the name of
Andy the house Andy has at the time was
a 20 year old man from Maryland his
family had been in the property
development business for quite some time
running the house constructions Stephen
claims that he knows Andy from growing
up around the guild for the Maryland's
area and that he also went to school
with one of Andy's older brothers either
Joe or Farina Harris Joe also goes by
the name of Yusuf was director of
nahat's constructions at the time we'll
get to that company soon anyway the
police statements given by Stephen toy
detailed this strange story where an
Andy has owed money around four thousand
five hundred dollars but some memes was
unidentified in the first escaping and
the second is referred only to as Andrew
the lack of four thousand five hundred
dollars forces anything to borrow one
thousand dollars from a different
unnamed man Stephen being the good
friend he is realize this has made knows
Andrew's older brother so he approaches
that mate to see if he can get him to
convince Andrew to give Andy back the 4
500 that Ian lit the following yeah look
it's an extremely convoluted chain of
debts that doesn't really make that much
sense and in all honesty I don't think
it's entirely true but just keep
following it's worth it Steven's mate
does approach Andrew and Andrew Hayes
Stevens make the four thousand five
hundred dollars presumably under the
pretense that money will go back to Andy
once the money is paid Stephen calls his
maid who apparently says that he's just
going to keep the money for himself and
not give it to Andy to who it is owed
that's Stephen being the good friend
that he is claims that he began to give
Andy a couple of hundred dollars here
and there to help him out here's the
statement I agreed to help the house by
giving him money when I had spear over
the next three months I continually gave
the house in approximately 300 amounts
during this period the house continually
told me he had no money and he owed
people money and it wasn't right when
the mail kept his four thousand five
hundred dollars from Andrew I'm sorry
but when did normal people involve such
a large number of intermediaries we're
chasing a few thousand dollars worth of
debts
story is just odd but here's where it
gets order Steven begins receiving phone
calls from a man that on his first
police statement he refused to identify
figuring that it's demanded ending a
half size a thousand dollars too the
first call is on the 19th of March he's
an expert from Steven's first police
statement about a month later out of the
blue I got a phone call on my work phone
the number display on my phone said
private number I answered and it was a
mail he said how are you going Stephen I
said to the mail on the phone I'm fine
what is this regarding the mail on the
phone said it's about the money you owe
Andy nahas because Andy owes me money I
said to the mail on the phone it's
between me and Andy we've already worked
it out amongst us the mail on the phone
said nut you have to come and see me
because Andy owes me money and you owe
him money so now he has to pay and you
have to pay I thought this may have been
male number three who Andy owed a
thousand dollars to I said to the mail
on the phone by chance how much does he
owe you the mail on the phone said ten
thousand dollars I said to them that's
[__] what happens between me and
Andy is between us we're friends what
happens between the years between you
and Andy the mail on the
foreign